I don't get the joke.How old are you if you had to look up these acronyms? Besides GBP, every single one of these acronyms are commonly used acronyms on the internetand especially on reddit. You're either really young out really old. Judging by the way you act you're in middle school but the you write like someone older. I'm going to assume you're just a really crotchety old man in which case, get off the internet grandpa you're too old.Only wimps are afraid. Trve **MANOWAR**riors like myself are not afraid because we have overcome our fear.You should have mentioned the sharks being elitists. That's what I did when I posted this here two months ago and it got me a nice sizeable chunk of karma.So you're upset that people use acronyms because you, a non native English speaker can't understand it? Would you like OP to translate it into your native language too? Also not using the symbol for pounds is acceptable since not all keyboards have it. It requires you to look up the alt code or find it somewhere to copy and paste it since its only on British English keyboards that you commonly find it and there's plenty of reasons why OP might not have one.YesWith milk and sugar?How many phases did you have? Weren't you also a hippie at one point?I don't think I've ever seen a goth hippie. Which came first?Death Dealer has been pretty good but that's to be expected when half the band is made of **MANOWAR** members.It sounds like whoever made this has been listening to way too much power metal.Sometimes even the /s isn't enough. A mod have me a warning about an obvious joke because she thought OP might think I was serious even though I did have a /s.If it's black metal then just record all your tracks on your cell phone or something. The quality should be somewhere in the middle of lo-fi and high-fi which should be fine for a demo since they're usually not very high quality but you might want to try playing in another room or something to get more of a necro sound. For the bass either borrow one or use a VST. For vocals, one of you would have to step in and do them.I'm assuming the guy who made this is a wimp or poser.It reminds me of the back of a can of monster.It's ok. It's vndergrovnd metalcore so it's almost trve.So it's exactly the same?[It's the same thing that's written on their site for each product.](https://www.monsterenergy.com/us/en/products/monster-energy/#!/products%3Aassault) Even as a teenager, when I use to drink it all the time I found some of the cans really cringey.Needs more goblins.He was in a hair metal tribute to Panera Bread. I think they just called themselves Panera but Phil didn't like Panera bread as much as the others so he convinced the band to start singing about Chinese food. They even did a jingle for some place called the Respect Wok.I didn't understand any death metal vocals at first but after a while of listening while reading along with the lyrics, I was able start understanding some of the clearer vocalists with minimal help but the vocalists that focus less of clarity are still hard to understand without reading along and even then, there's some vocalists that don't try to follow the lyrics at all which makes it impossible to understand. I wasn't around during his reign but as bukkakepizza's official /r/metal representative and as just someone who regularly talks to him, I'm best suited to telling you his story. As you probably already know, he posted **MANOWAR** a lot but the reason he did it was because of the mods. He seemed to think the mods only wanted the sub to be full of potato black metal and death metal so he posted **MANOWAR** in protest. He seems to have changed his mind about the mods recently. From what I heard from the mods, he's the sole reason **MANOWAR** is on the blacklist. He's also the reason images and memes are banned because he was using them to get around the blacklist **MANOWAR**. He was made a mod of /r/metaljerk at one point was banned and removed because he posted **MANOWAR** way too much.I know, he use to be kind of False. I'm actually surprised his resistance movement started catching on recently though I might have something do with that that since I was the one trying to get **MANOWAR** unblacklisted last time. The all caps and bold **MANOWAR** is actually something I started over in metaljerk. It just felt right since it's impossible to say it calmly and quietly so it's a good text representation of their name. It probably caught on with my wall of **MANOWAR** spam that I always posted fifty times per thread.He already specifically stated he didn't want to meet Nyalothotep so you're probably right.The mastering was a little different and he got older.You mean that hair metal band that sold out?[Cannibal Corpse](https://youtu.be/gNhN6lT-y5U) is basically the definition of a gory horror movie in aural form though it's more of a focus on zombies but I doubt most of the people visiting will be able what it's actually about. You could probably get away with any random brutal/slam death metal band if you're fine with that. If it's not just heavy and blastbeats you want like, maybe try some funeral doom like [Evoken.](https://youtu.be/0dOFLcQ1BE8) I think it has a better atmosphere for a haunted house. There might also be some atmospheric black metal that would fit but I don't listen to enough to recommend you any. Alos, it's not quite metal but [Enemite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3WXfiB7OeY) has a good atmosphere for a haunted house throughout but it might not fit your specific haunted house.For some reason I can't open the first two either but Enemite seems to work. I think youtube is having a problem with the shortened links. [Try this link for Evoken](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dOFLcQ1BE8) and [this one for Enemite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3WXfiB7OeY)If she's the manager then yea.You should have mentioned them being elitists. That's what I did [when I submitted this here two months ago.]( https://www.reddit.com/r/MetalMemes/comments/3cxmon/sharks_are_worse_than_elitists_call_melodeath/) It got me a nice amount of karma quickly.It hit a little too close to home since he's probably going to die really soon.Technically it's not bullshit since he's his own boss.Considering they're a brutal death metal, anyone who knows their name would know they would never play at a wedding so it's actually more likely that Mike is both users.It probably is just an energy drink thing since they're marketed to teenagers so they try to be edgy like the energy drinks cocaine or pussy. Are you trying to tell me grandpa /u/banjaxe lied to me?I vvish more Falses vvere like yov. They try to hide from the bvrning and dieding bvt yov called me here specifically to get bvrned and died and yov even left the hall.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; /r/metalmemes is pretty False so you don't have to worry about anyone calling you out on your Falseness here but even in /r/metal, you won't get any shit from the regulars for liking metalcore since quite a few do like it but they keep it to the appropriate sub. It's the lurkers that will give you shit.&lt;/Nojerk&gt;He is. He has proved it many times.Bvkkakepizza has yet to even acknovvledge yovr existence vvhile he pms me regvlarly abovt cool things like [this spider he fovnd.](http://i.imgur.com/81s7sVvl.jpg)No. He'll message me and tell me to come.You lied grandpa. You never told me, you canceled the invitation. You told me he became a mod. Grandpa's a liar liar pants on fire.&gt;I don't like death metal

Good thing this is folk metal. You might actually like it.Those Falses are vvrong. Those sharks aren't enjoying the mvsic. They're angered by it. Sharks are the elitists ov the sea.

&lt;Nojerk&gt;Why is everyone posting this now? I remember posting it to a bunch of places on reddit the day after the documentary aired. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;True but power metal is where you get cheesy like metal is in my heart.I have no idea if it's real or not but it's definitely not bukkakepizza's. He reposted it from facebook out something. I think it looks photoshopped since the shadow is too clear.Yov mean a trve metaller? I alvvays knevv this svb vvas fvll ov Falses bvt yov at least accepted my trve vvords. Novv yov Falses vvon't even accept the trve trvth and that's jvst sad.[Boobs have been the singer's gimmick from the very beginning.]( http://www.metalinjection.net/shocking-revelations/huntress-jill-janus-used-topless-dj-nsfw)It's starting to change since when it first happened, he was portrayed as some kind of genius inventor who was arrested for trying to build a clock but his story is starting to become shakier and shakier. For example the original clock was just was just the internals of a store bought clock in a case and not an actual working clock he built so he was accused of trying to make a hoax bomb and not a real one as some places reported. [Here's an article going until more detail on the clock]( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/09/21/nerds-rage-over-ahmed-s-clock.html)

The link you posted is another example of him not really being an inventor as people claimed. You can't solder together a cpu at home since it features an incredibly advanced level of knowledge and equipment, which he hasn't demonstrated since he can't build a clock so it's an outright lie by him. [It also turns out his sister had something similar happen]( http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/ahmed-mohamed-clock-bomb-sister-suspended-ian-tuttle) but it didn't generate as much attention. 

His father is a politician of some sort and there has been conspiracy theories about him making his son do this to help him win but there's no proof of that. Either way the story is not what it originally seemed. It wasn't some school district singling out a smart student for making a bomb because of his race.Here's an update from an interview he did last week

&gt; Are you still working on a solo album?

&gt;Yeah, but I\u2019ve been waiting to get the last track together and I never seem to be able to get together with Skin from Skunk Anansie. I can\u2019t seem to get the both of us in the same place. We\u2019re both always touring. When I flew to England, she flew to America. It always seems to work that way. It\u2019s f\u2014ing hopeless. We might end up doing it with MP3s, but I\u2019m not used to this Internet thing. I think it\u2019s going to kill us all.

I hope it happens soon because it doesn't seem like Lemmy's going to be around much longer.Metal covers of a non-metal songs are generally disliked here since they're usually just a cheap attempt at leeching off their popularity. Also this isn't a band and Andy's covers are pretty well known so we've seen it a million times already.He actually didn't get suspended because they thought it was a bomb. He got suspended because they thought he was trying to create a hoax bomb.I really doubt they'd have disregarded it if he was another race. Schools generally tend to overreact to this kind of stuff or really any kind of possibility of violence regardless of race.He wasn't singled out. All schools tend to overreact to any kind of potential violence regardless of race.It was a working clock that he took the case off of and put in a pencil case. I'm not sure how long ago you went to school but since you've left all schools in the US have become incredibly paranoid. They overreact to every little bit of potential violence. That's why there's so many stories about schools suspending kids for stupid things [chewing a pop tart into the shape of a gun.] (http://www.cbsnews.com/news/examiner-recommends-school-board-uphold-pop-tart-suspension/) Even though I live in a completely different stage, if did this when I was in school, I'd probably have the exact same thing happen but without the news coverage.I didn't know about this so that's interesting but it doesn't seem like you can solder it and he has yet to show that he has even the knowledge to build a clock so it's doubtful he did this.If there was any racism, it was disguised incredibly well because the kind of reaction he received is the same kind of reaction every kid that pulls similar stunts receives which is a complete overreaction. He shouldn't have been treated that way but it's doubtful it was because of his race. Schools pretty regularly over react to any potential threat from kids of any race.A kid with a hoax bomb isn't potential violence, especially in a school?A bomb threat was a yearly tradition at my school and even though it was clear that it was fake, they still evacuated everyone and were on high alert because they had to due to protocol.These stories ov peoples transcendtion  into a higher plane ov existence alvvays bring a tear to my eye.First of all it's spelled **MANOWAR**. Second you missed **MANOWAR** and **MANOWAR**.Can you give some context on where you heard it? Without knowing, I'd guess maybe you're talking about the villian, Eggman from the Sonic the Hedgehog games.Are you sure he didn't invent those?That's pretty trve and I'm glad a nevvFalse like yov ist being so proactive by bvrning and dieding the False here bvt vve have some very stvbborn Falses here so yov have to vse [the Deathtone.](https://youtu.be/bf_ZpMKZUtk)Too bad yov vvere too afraid to listen to it yovrself.I wouldn't do that. It's harder to notice the declining quality if you're here every day because you only see it go down a tiny bit each day but after a break, the decline becomes more obvious.Has a potential replacement shown up yet?BRO PANERA IS GOING TO BE THERE! THERE'S GOING TO BE TWO DAYS OF PANERA! BRO YOU GOTTA BE THERE! THIS FESTIVAL IS GOING TO BE SO FUCKING AWESOME! \mLI do too but I only like Panera's sandwiches. I'd only get them if someone else was paying.Nice strawman. I didn't know they came in white. I'm actually Indian, thanks for asking and this is the first time I've been accused of being white. It's such a strange feeling. I'm guessing you're white since getting offended for others seems to be your people's thing. I'll admit I don't know of a white kid led out in handcuffs but I also don't know of a white kid who has taken the internals of a clock, put them in a pencil case for seemingly no reason and then shown it to teachers. Also I did say schools tend to overreact not react appropriately. He shouldn't have been put in handcuffs but those zero tolerance policies schools have make them do some really stupid things.You look like you'd grow up to be [this type of Pantera fan.]( http://40.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m22m0oJ4eR1r9nwf1o7_1280.jpg)I actually meant the whole trying to be a tough guy thing while having no idea how to behave properly. I'll take your word for it that you're not fat since its not really important.Yuji Naka actually kind of agrees with you. He says Robotnik is his name and Eggman is a nickname.That's simple. Do you know how they make alvminvm foil? It's the same concept. Also maybe cvt back on the listening to Blazing Loa or better yet, [bvy it](https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com/album/dankspell-ov-annihilation-ep) and listen to it all yov vvant.VVhy do yov assvme I vvant money for it? I need kvltkoin to pay for the shipping ov all my obscvre black metal floppy disks. /u/thisistheperfectname vse to spot me bvt he vvant me to pay vvhat I ovve him like a False.That's adorable little falsie. Yov think CD-Rs are vndergrovnd. [Take a look at vvhat a trve release looks like.]( http://i.imgur.com/dbFsM3h.jpg) Yov might be a little yovng to knovv bvt that's 1.44 MB ov pvre trvness. Vnlike yov, I don't give ovt my masterpieces to every False in the street like some po(o)p artist. I only sell to those I deem vvorthy.It's not strange to be relaxed by a lullaby. That's their entire purpose.I couldn't agree more. That's exactly what I was expecting him to say.Yea. I didn't expect that kind of response.It looks like he didn't even put in the effort to trace over the photo. The joint gaps are still visible and nothing about it looks like it was traced. It's just a couple filters over the image.The Doctor did say that after seeing the runes it was like they knew what they were without realizing it. Maybe she knew what would happen if he saw them without realizing it.All of the coordinates are kind of nonsense. Besides the Orion's Sword not pointing at Earth, there was no way for them to know it meant the very end of the sword. I have no idea how forsaken was supposed to mean the area they were in since there's a lot of forsaken places on Earth with churches and temples. The whole scene was a bit of a stretch. It's the kind of logic I expect to see on Ancient Aliens.I think it's way too early to say the sonic glasses aren't being overused. We've only had one episode where they were used.I don't think there's been a single anti smoking commercial that hasn't been at least a little cringey.That wasn't the Bucket Head I was expecting.No but I think /u/IAMNOTINDIAN is going to do a solo album of lullabies. I expect it to be quite good since a baby knows what a good lullaby is better than any adult.What kind of insult is butt features? It sounds like something you'd come up with when you run out of insults but you haven't even bothered to use the common ones yet. Did auto correct get you or are you just that bad at creative insults? What are the chances an Indian person would accuse another Indian person of being white? It's almost too convenient. 

Why are you starting to get offended at my statement that schools tend to overreact? Have you not been watching the news this last decade? Schools have been on the news so many times for overreacting to even the most benign things that another one doing shouldn't be a surprise. At a school the potential violence for exposed circuitry really is that it will explode though in this case they knew it was a hoax and overreacted to that. Even Ahmed said he knew it looked like a bomb. 

You're really reaching with the computers and cell phones example. That's definitely a reason why he put the electronics in the pencil case but no reason has been given yet on why he did it. It defiantly wasn't just to hold electronics because he wasn't actually doing anything with the electronics, he just took the internals of a clock out and put them in a pencil case. He didn't have a reason to put them in a container to bring to school. Also is this even about Ahmed anymore because you're taking this way too personally or are you just one of those people that can't stand being wrong about anything in any situation?The fact that there's an India tribute to Burzum on there is hilarious to me for some reason.He's no transexval yov False. Transexvals aren't trve, only gays are. Dead ist my vvaifv becavse he's a bottom so he's the vvomen in the relationship. Also his dick fell off one day vvhen vvere fvcking a little to long and a little too rovgh. I shovld have taken a break and pvt his body back in preservative bvt it vvas too late.It's basically an Anal Cunt tribute with hentai but I think it's actually a pretty decent genre description. Since they were able to get the lable to release this obvious joke, do you think I could get them to  sign and release Motor Loa on floppy disk? I might send them an email to find out though I get the feeling the jokes might be the label owners own personal stuff.Make an honest vvomen ovt ov him.&gt;Professor Spracklen added: \u201cIn my research I argue that folk metal serves as a comfortable leisure space for those that have lost power in recent decades: the white European, working class men who have faced challenges to their assumed privileges from women, globalisation, immigration and postmodernity. 

Is this how a researcher says check your privilege?I'll might contact them but there's still a chance they might say no. The burden of having the world's kvltest band after Goatcifer on their label might be too much for them. I still have quite a few floppies in my basement and a computer with a floppy drive so I might just release it on floppy by myself since I already marked up that one floppy with a sharpie. I have a bunch of blank cassettes and a cassete recorder too so maybe I'll just become my own independent label.I think it might be explained in the next episode since from the preview it looks like the scene might have taken place at a different point in time.It's metalsucks so it's really likely that they're serious.Now go claim they're discriminating against you because you're a proud black gay man and your username is just a reference to your sexual orientation, love of dinosaurs, and love of body building.VVho's yovr vvaifv? I bet it's some lovv-tier vvaifv since she's from a covntry that doesn't even have any permafrost bvt I gvess it's to be expected since not everyone is as trve as me so they can't to handle a perfect vvaifv like Dead-chan. &lt;Nojerk&gt; It's a word I made up because it sounds like something a SJW would use. Mel is short for Melanin, the thing that makes skin dark. A non-mel is someone without melanin so they're white. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I can't believe those non-mel scvm vvovld dare to express their filthy identity. Are they not ashamed ov being non-mels? This non-mel pride movement needs to be crvshed before too many non-mels begin to think they're fit to be more than the dirt beneath the dirt vnderneath ovr shoes.&gt;Yov're strong and trve

&gt;non-mel yovrself

Pick one. I can barely hear yovr vveak hymns. They don't have the povver to move my big mvscvlar mel eardrvms. They lack the povverfvl vvardrvms that shake the earth and vvarn ovr enemies from miles avvay ov their inescapable death vvith each povnding beat. These drvms don't even pierce the flesh. Mel vvardrvms vibrate throvgh ovr core and into ovr bones. Yovr vvimpy drvms don't even make me avvare ov my skeleton. It feels disgracefvl marching into battle in a meat svit. A trve vvarrior marches into battle as a skeleton. Ovr mel skeleton armies povvered by mel vvardrvms cannot be defeated by yovr vvimpy meat army povvered by vvimpdrvms.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Considering Muslims are treated like the black people of India, I'm pretty sure they were just waiting for any flimsy excuse to beat him. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I'm going to post Taylor Swift here and if you complain about pop or it not being "Metal", you're a loser. 

Music is music. If you don't like Pop then that's perfectly okay, but not letting people post it because it's not "metal" is beyond stupid and closeminded. People who feel that way are objectively useless idiots and I have enough idiots in my day-to-day life that dealing with stupid losers online is NOT what I want to do. 

I've lost all motivation for trying to educate and convince people of their ignorant ways - I got better things to spend my time on that bitching about a genre I *do not enjoy*, I want to, you know, actually listen to music.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; I don't think so but when they do it always seems so anti-muslim. I meant more the cheating, lieing, stealing, and violent stereotype black people have.  &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I didn't notice it.&lt;Nojerk&gt; None for both but Vnholy Loa surprisingly gets a decent amount of traffic though I only have eight downloads so we know there's at least eight trve people in this world but that might just be because only a few of them are free while the rest are on sale for numbers like 4.20 or 6.66. Surprisingly my stoner metal albums are the most popular. It's probably because some DBSM bot and some Reddit music bot posted a link to them on twitter. Maybe I should start a twitter account since most of Vnholy Loa's fanbase is on twitter.&lt;/Nojerk&gt;It's too late for yov. Yov've missed yovr chance. VVhat yov do on yovr first day on this Earth is the day that determines vvheather yov're trve or False.Found the feminist.Even before the internet there were memes. For example the Andre the Giant has a posse meme which is where the OBEY logo came from. There's memes from all the way back to ancient Rome like the Sator Square. We've been making making dank memes for centuries. It's only recently that they've become particularly dank.Wrong sub. You want either /r/numetal or /r/Slipknot.We need [The Deathtone.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bf_ZpMKZUtk)It's novv clear to me that /r/offmychest is actvally a hate svb disgvised as a svb for SJVVs. They hate vvhat makes them afraid. They're also racist for banning me becavse I'm a mel and they're very clearly all racist non-mels persecvting me for my lack ov fear and becavse ov the color ov my skin. Reddit has been becoming more like tumblr for a while now though it seems like around the time subs making fun of the SJWs, otherkin, and similar things started getting popular, they started to spread everywhere. I think it's actually those subs that might be leading those types of people here when they find out they were posted there though they might have been here all along and are just becoming more vocal now that there's a lot of people making fun of them. It's probably a combination of both since there are more and more subs that ban you for not having a SJW mindset with mods that have been here five or so years like /r/offmychest who have bots that ban anyone that posts in a sub they don't like.There's also the fact that the band members are just getting older so the singers voice changed.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Technically my comment was hating wimps and posers so I did make a hateful comment. /r/offmychest has a bot set up so that anyone who comments in TiA is banned regardless of context. They can't seem to handle differing points of view. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I think they jvst got tired of my six hvndred sixty six daily confessions of hovv I bvrned and dieded a the Falses that day.&lt;Nojerk&gt; They take it a bit further than just banning without context. Even if you've never visited /r/offmychest and shown you can't follow the rules, they still ban you if you post to TiA. I've never visited /r/offmychest so it's not like I was already on thin ice with them but I still got a ban. Even coontowns users managed to be civil outside the sub most of the time. Besides, the content of TiA isn't related to the content of /r/offmychest so it's purely a personal choice that they've decided to ban users who post in subs they disagree wtih. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Hovv is it hate speech on Falses? Falses aren't people. That's like considering any negative comments abovt coffee as hate speech.VVhy did yov think vve call them svbgenre racists?You don't mosh alone? If you're not a one man moshpit then you're a poser.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Maybe I should beg for them to unban me so I can start posting **MANOWAR** related confessions there which they can't call me out on according to the subs rules. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Maybe you shouldn't be so cheap and bring more weed so you don't have to put shit in as a filler.Candlemass's Bewitched video will forever be the greatest video ever because of Dead and the amazing dancing skills he and the other people in the video show off.Dead is my waifu and I find you implying that I don't know everything about him offensive. Also that's a strange link to just pull up like that. It's two years old and reddit's search can't find it.You should probably look into depressive suicidal black metal. It's an entire subgenre dedicated to depressing songs. You could try [Xasthur](http://youtube.com/watch?v=KlP9nY4MJY0) and maybe [Silencer]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=UZlZuYp1fZc) if you can get over the funny sounding vocals from the singer sticking himself with a needle as he sings. Since you're a morbid person, I think you'd like him. Right after this was released, he tried to commit suicide by cop after driving an axe through a five great old girl's skull so during the recording he was right in the edge of trying to commit suicide.It was just a joke. I could have sworn you've been in some of the threads where I obsess over Dead. Pulling up a two year old link while unprompted like that really is weird though. The thread doesn't really shed much light on how it happened but I'm guessing there's probably not much of a story there to begin with other than Dead was in the area, knows the local musicians, and Candlemass was shooting a video.Then every piece of furniture you have is a poser.You might want to try learning more about black metal then. It's full of many interesting characters like him. For example there was Dead of the band Mayhem who thought he was a living corpse after he fell through the ice in a lake which is why he chose the stage name Dead. He did everything he possibly could to be like a corpse from wearing clothes he buried in the dirt for months, wearing makeup to look more corpse like, starving himself, and even trying to get his friends to bury him. Then he took the final step to being a corpse and slit his wrists but he was too impatient to wait to bleed out so he shot himself with a shotgun and left a suicide note reading "excuse the mess". The picture of his body taken by the guitarist is still around if you want to see it. It was used on a now famous bootleg album.Even if you don't listen to the music, read the history, it's fascinating. Black metal use to be exactly what ultra Christian pastors tried to portray heavy metal as, complete with church burnings, murders, and cults.I really only go to Saint Vitus but I might have to start checking whos playing at the Archeron since I'm seeing it mentioned more and more.Expect to see Judas Priest playing Judas Priest songs onstage.We are pricks but generally everyone looks like a prick in the eyes of a casual fan when they're talking about something they're really passionate for anything.Fine. You got me. They do stand-up comedy while dressed like a metal band.They haven't started that tour yet. It starts on the eighth. I'm going to see them on the fourteenth. I'm seeing Fates Warning the night before do it's likely I'm not going to be moving around much.From what I've seen, those people that do the whole I'm more metal than you and this metal band isn't metal are usually the really young and casual fans.Spicy food has been getting popular for a while now but specifically ghost peppers have slowly been gaining popularity for about five years now because when they were getting popular, they were the hottest pepper in the world though since then that title has been taken twice but people still think it's the hottest pepper in the world. Many people on YouTube eat ghost peppers as some kind of challenge and restaurants have slowly been adding ghost pepper based dishes as challenges where you win a free shirt if you can eat the dish within a time limit. 

They've been made into chips, gum, candy, and all sorts of ridiculous things. At some point recently they got popular enough that really popular fast food chains have started using them like Wendy's, Popeye's, Taco bell, and Jack in the box though they dilute them. Essentially it's becoming the bacon of those that enjoy spicy food. [It's comes from this image]( http://i.imgur.com/562v8W4h.jpg) where a scammer on steam uses the line "hey it's me ur brother" but I'm not sure where the dad part comes from. It could just be the context of the post or it could be from something else which someone else here will have to explain.That's actvally racist. Only non-mels are acceptable targets becavse they're ein apeI'm yovr token Indian friend novv? Yov non-mel scvm vvill do anything to hide yovr racism ov a svperior race. Are yov that afraid ov the vvord racism? Are yov that afraid ov yovrselves?&lt;Nojerk&gt; I think he mentioned that he actually is in high school so you should probably cut him some slack. Teenagers being edgy and saying racist things isn't really surprising. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;VVimps and posers leave the hall!I see yov vvere too afraid to pvt yovr ovvn name bvt I gvess there vvas no point since yov'd get all the votes It looks like they mistook this a poll for vvho's trve enovgh to become a nazi mod like the other poll.I don't appreciate my vvaifv's tomb being called a mvdhvt.Do yov ever get tired ov saying False things?Get ovt ov here yov SJVV. No one likes yovr kind here. There's nothing vvrong vvith hating someone becavse ov their skin color. VVe're basically already doing it. Have yov ever seen a False mel. No? That's becavse non-mels are inherently False. It's becavse ov their race that they're False. Every once in a vvhile, they manage to overcome their ape instincts and make trve mvsic bvt those are exceptions. Vs civilized mels don't have to deal vvith that. VVe are born trve and those that identify vvith non-mels, have their melanin slovvly leeched ovt vntil they become non-mels themselves vvith the skin ov a mel. Get ovt ov here and stop trying to leech my melanin.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; Even though they could wait a bit longer, I guess I'll post some of the Falseness I've been waiting ripen to help out with changing the subject. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Too high quality. It's like you tried to make it look good.Who's Goatcifer? Some potato black metal band?&lt;Nojerk&gt; He's not from here. He's absolutely serious. If you've seen any of the other posts on here of /r/babymetal, seriously saying those kinds of statements is normal there. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; Did you really expect anything else from Slipknot fans? &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; I actually like Babymetal. Not enough to listen to them regularly but it's at least interesting. Their fanbase is horrible though because they attract the casual metalheads and weeaboos. When they're not saying False things, they're making borderline pedophilic comments. All the really mainstream bands and metalcore bands manage to attract the casuals but Babymetal is the perfect storm of Falseness that attracts some of the worst people. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I can't tell if you're trying to correct my spelling or you're trying to say some of there comments don't get dangerously close to sounding like something a pedophile would say.Still not sure what you mean.Trying to become a mod? I don't think they count grammar Nazis as one of them. You have to actually hate the Jews.It's vvithovt a dovbt BabyMetal. They saved metal from getting stale and made it fvn again vvith their mixtvre ov kavvaii J-pop and Death/Black metal. Tony James Ronald jvst makes jazz. VVho listens to jazz anymore? It's for old people.Dadrock is metal too yov svbgenre racist. It's *all* metal.This isn't a poll ov Falsest bands, it's abovt most inflvential vvhich yov'd lose to Vnholy Loa since Vnholy Loa has been covered tvvice becavse of my massive inflvence on the vndergrovnd metal scene bvt Fire-False has so little inflvence that no one has even bothered to reference it.Yov keep trying to deny the Blazing Loa inflvence bvt everything abovt this screams Blazing Loa rip off. Yov jvst need less thin and vvhispy riffs.So you meant I should use ebilophile or however it's spelt?It was actually apples and carrots will cure your pancreatic cancer.He actually tried to fight his P.C. with apples.He vvas probably looking for Vnholy LoaI see vvhat the problem is. Yov've confvsing lovv end and high end. Fire-False is nothing bvt high end vvhich is vvhy it's so paper thin. Blazing Loa has no high end. Actvally it doesn't have any mid either. Blazing Loa is jvts lovv end and nothing else becavse that is the proper vvay to make a dank mix. The fact that yov think Blazing Loa has no lovv end proves that yov still have a long vvay to go in making a good mix.Do yov actvally have ears? Blazing Trve doesn't even have any gvitar. It's tvvo bass gvitars for extra dankness. Since yov don't seem to vnderstand vvhat lovv end is, let me explain it to yov. Lovv end is all those very lovv rvmbly freqvencies that make things sovnd dank. High end is those freqvencies that sovnd like yovr voice.You were trying to correct me without knowing how I was wrong?I don't think yov knovv vvhat anagram means. Also vvhat's vvrong vvith listening to pornogrind? At least I don't listen to nv-metal like yov.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; Am I the only one that actually found an anagram? &lt;/Nojerk&gt;That goes without saying. Any band, I'm a part of will always be the trvest ov the trve.Purchasing a digital album makes them much more. Each play from a music streaming site earns them less than a cent. A single digital album sale usually results is the same as they make from a one month of streams, if they're popular. If they're not popular than they might be able to but a candy bar after a few months.Someone needs to send Varg a link to this.That might not be too far from the truth considering how many people here are still in high school.It was apples and carrots but the joke doesn't work as well if I include carrots.You're into Lovecraft now falsie? You found my EP so interesting that you had to go read the original stories right?I wasn't able to get a ticket so I had to settle for going to one of the comic con afterparties on Saturday. I'm going as Garth from Wayne's world.I wish I could have figured that out as early as you did. I only had a handful of classes left before I graduated before I just gave up. I would have given up much earlier and realized I should have given up then but I was too stubborn to give up and managed to struggle almost to the end. Then I lost all motivation to the point I couldn't even bother to do anything related to class and I actually started to kind of hate networking, the subject I was studying. I still kind of dislike having to do anything too in-depth related to computers even though it was a passion of mine since I was really young. Now I do accounting with my uncle. It's very lonely since most of the time there's no one else there but at least I get to watch tv shows and movies all day as I work.I don't think I've actually seen a banner ad on reddit but that might be because I'm tuning it out and I reddit mostly on mobile so I doubt they're effective. Also you reminded me that I never got around to putting my bands on ore.fm.Same for here on long island. There's kids trick or treating but so few that we're fine with a single bag of candy. It use to be that kids would come non stop all night.No fun, no mosh, no core, no trendsThis is jvst a sqvid attacking a fat gargoyle. VVhat does it have to do vvith lovecraft? [Let me shovv yov trve art.]( http://i.imgur.com/P4oMOFk.jpg) I'm better than yov in every vvay. Don't forget that.An electric witchwhipper seems like a really niche product.Actually I think we're right on the verge of that since there was already [one game made in the retro style of ps1 graphics.]( http://www.gamesradar.com/32-bit-graphics-are-new-retro/)Just go to /r/innerjerkmusicians. Every band is a Seth Putnam tribute or rip off.Slapknvts is metal yov elitist.SinnFalse is that yov? Did I accidentally bvrned and died yov too hard again?You can't be a vegan activist if you know what you're talking about. Those are polar opposite.Due to the way they work there's no way to play light gun games for any console on anything but a CRT tv.I think she needs help. Her eyebrows are starting to take over her face.It makes yov False too. Yov've alvvays been False jvst like /u/randomfanboy1Yovr vvaifv ist Travis Gordon Ron? VVhat happened to yovr other vvaifv? The black metal one?Your track was stuck in the spam filter. You should have said something.You're still I'm that phase if you still have that shirt.I'd love to see that.Pictures aren't allowed in /r/metal. How did you find this there?&gt; * *"I am False?"*

I'm amazed yov finally admitted it.It was some guy that could not accept that Ahmed's clock wasn't an invention. Pretty sure he was an actual SJW. Also what happened to my trust score? It use to think I was 666% trustworthy despite my constant lies.That's cheating. That whole sub is cancer.Don't worry. You weren't the only one.FurtherI actually like the show but the show is just an animated /r/metalmemes and it has the same fanbase. To appeal to them, the show just has a thin veneer of metal but it doesn't go much deeper than aesthetics. Some scenes make me wonder if Brendan Small originally wanted to make a show about a rock band but decided to hastily add more black and stick on metalhead stereotypes when he realized he could use it as an excuse to showcase his music. The fans Dethklok manages to attract kind of reminds me of Babymetal. They have the same type of non-metalheads and casual metalheads who rant about the band and elitists not liking it.I thought that was implied when I said it has the same fanbase as /r/metalmemes.At least half of the cartoon porn posted is just people surprised by the fact that rule34 exist.That's amazing. I didn't think anyone was stupid enough to admit to being a poser.For people who are vegetarians because of religious reasons, eating anything that has come into contact with meat is an issue.There's metalhead strawmen now too? I never realized there was such a variety of strawmen. No one said anything about metal being their life, just about being passionate but that fact that you don't know that is kind of telling of how little metal you listen to.You can be passionate about anything champ, hobby or not. A hobby is just something you do for fun. That doesn't mean you have to get into it further than surface level. A passion is something you know in-depth and spend a lot of time on. It's the kind of thing you know so well that you can go on for hours about it without needing the other person to talk. Someone who calls it a hobby is not passionate about it and by pretending to be passionate about it makes you a poser.

You talk like a casual fan, you act like a casual, and you think like a casual fan. I'm sure I know all I need to know about you.**Motor Loa** [Norway, New York] 

[Bandcamp](https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com)
[Soundcloud](https://soundcloud.com/vnholy-loa)

I've been skipping a lot of these threads since I've been busy but posting today is necessary because I need to warn everyone of the coming storm, the storm that will grind the False to dust and set their remains ablaze. The storm that will blot out the skies and black out the lives of the False. The storm known as the Motor Mass. That's right, this is a Grand Declaration of War against the wimps, Falses, and posers because tomorrow Motor Loa is releasing it's first full length album, Motor Mass. This album is months worth of my hatred of Falses concentrated into thirty poser annihilating minutes of sonic fury, telling the story of mighty warriors removing the False from this world. This release will be an event that will define your lifetimes. The power of my sonic sword will blow your speakers with riffs louder than hell that will kill the False with power. If you conquered yourself. If you have conquered your fear then [listen to this WIP from nearly a month ago that has been diluted to keep my hatred of Falses from being unleashed until it's time.](https://soundcloud.com/vnholy-loa/motor-mass-final-mix/s-aKT2k) Nah, this is just me taking the actual dictionary definition of hobby and putting it into my own words because that it literally what I did. You can lIsten to metal as a hobby but that doesn't mean you're passionate about it. It just means you enjoy listening to it in your free time but not that you actually know anything more than the basics like if you were passionate about it.This band sounds exactly like if the guy from Dissid grew a fro and decided to sing about.The only way I found was to basically put the innards of a wiimote in one and it only worked with emulators which is kind of pointless when there's already an accessory you can get that turns the wiimote into a light gun and even then unless you're using the virtual console, it still has to be used with emulators on a PC.Was Infidel Amsterdam always this False? It's been years since I saw any of his videos but I could have sworn he wasn't this False.It looks like he's just doing the overdone black metal fan going through daily life joke. The leg armor isn't normal though. It looks like he switched out the spiked leg guards for more generic platemail.That was beautiful. Now I'm really tempted to go beg them to unban me so I can make **MANOWAR** related confessions.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Don't get used to the quality of the album art. I asked my sister to make some stick figure album art for me and she made this. Also fun fact, I made The Motor Era following along with the tabs of Judas Priest's Painkiller while not really understanding how tabs work. I think I did a good job. It sounds exactly like Painkiller. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; Don't get used to the quality of the album art. I asked my sister to make some stick figure album art for me and she made this instead. Also fun fact, I made The Motor Era following along with the tabs of Judas Priest's Painkiller while not really understanding how tabs work. I think I did a good job. It sounds exactly like Painkiller. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; Don't get used to the quality of the album art. I asked my sister to make some stick figure album art for me and she made this. Also fun fact, I made The Motor Era by following along with the tabs of Judas Priest's Painkiller while not really understanding how tabs work. I think I did a good job. It sounds exactly like Painkiller. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; Don't get used to the quality of the album art. I asked my sister to make some stick figure album art for me and she made this. Also fun fact, I made The Motor Era by following along with the tabs of Judas Priest's Painkiller while not really understanding how tabs work. I think I did a good job. It sounds exactly like Painkiller. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I was thinking about releasing it on cassette but they're a little too obsolete. Who even has a cassette player anymore?&lt;Nojerk&gt; I'm actually going to submit it there and see if it can slip past though I'm not sure if even I'd call it metal. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;

No. Those svbgenre racists don't think occvlt biker metal is real metal.Yovr albvm is jvst a stripped down version of my don't "waking up Dead and putting him back to sleep." It's one of my most influential songs so I can see why you would want to claim it as your own. Don't bvy the VHS, yov False. Yov're not vvorthy ov ovvning svch a preciovs piece ov history.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; Give me your money. Trust me, it's "worth it". It comes with a "high quality" case too. It's really just the old cardboard case the old blank VHS's came with but covered by album art printed on photo paper. I just couldn't take a picture of it because my printer ran out of ink in the middle of printing it and made it all a pretty pink. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; Actually I just set it to don't out immediately after posting it because I wanted the first run of them to be the most exclusive in history. Also it makes it look like I have fans. In a week there'll be a second run of nine more that are actually just the originals. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; They're .wma files with the lowest quality settings. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Avv that's cvte. Yov think yov can compete vvith me. This is jvst the start ov the blitzkrieg ov trve that is coming. I already have five albvms vvorth ov material that's jvst vvaiting for lyrics and vokills. I have no problem releasing tvvo at once bvt I vvon't becavse I'm feeling nice so I vvon't shatter every last bit ov hope a little kid like yov vvill have in his life.

&lt;/Nojerk&gt; I really do have a few albums worth of stuff just waiting lyrics and vocals. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I jvst realized sinnFalse vvon't see hovv little hope he had back before I bvrned and died his band. Come back /u/sinndogg2. Conqver yovr fear long enovgh to see vvhy yov shovld be afraid in the first place.I thovght /u/real_cthulhu vvas the only False that liked coal chamber here. That intro riff is stolen from one ov their songs. The rest ov it sovnds like yov recorded it on some expensive six thovsand dollar stvdio microphone so therefore it's False.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; It really does sound exactly like the intro to a coal chamber song that I heard once. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;The fact that yov think they even come close to being trve enovgh to vse that qvote proves yovr Falseness.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; It's just a generic nu-metal band. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I'm pretty sure the point of it is so the sub isn't the same ten songs endlessly reposted like it use to be.That's only if the artist broke 100 points.You think that's bad? They got to **MANOWAR** back when you couldn't Google anything without finding a pony I'm the first page. I'd find it for you but that would involve me having to see ponified **MANOWAR.**It's circlejerking. My comment was just a bunch of /r/metaljerk jokes strung together and so was his.Since the Nazi mods have managed to program Nazi ideologies into Automod, I had to leave out that this is for fans of: NO WIMPS, Poser Racism, False Hatred. It's also ab X-Post from /r/InnerJerkMusicians.Did yov jvst realize hovv vveak yovr svbmissions are compared to this?Yov sold ovt vvay before yov retired thovgh. VVhat's the point in retiring novv? 
It's been a long time since I've seen yov afraid since yov're too afraid to entry. I forgot hovv False some ov the things yov say are vvhen yov're afraid ov yovrself. I'm pretty svre yov already had the vrge to save lives thovgh. Also, believe me I've tried to end the vvaking nightmare ov yovr Falseness before bvt yov're too afraid to entry enovgh for me to finish the job.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; I've figured nothing out. I still have no idea what I'm doing and probably couldn't do anything similar if I tried. Also does it really have a Judas Priest vibe to you? I didn't notice any but I haven't listened to much of their more hard rockish stuff either. I was mostly joking about the Judas Priest thing. I did try to copy them for that one song but I managed to fail spectacularly. If their wasn't such a limited quantity I'd send you one free. Maybe if I ever have to do a second run, I'll send you one. The VHSs are just some old blanks that I found in my basement and recorded on them using a DVD VHS player combo I also found in my basement.That sovnds like a yes.I'd click on this just because of the title and artwork but more in the same way people click on grindcore bands with offensive song names and art. I expect something really cringey or funny. This is essentially the same as that but he decided he wanted to avoid that kind of stuff. The jerk is supposed to be that he didn't listen to the music to determine if he liked it but  I think judging by the artwork and theme is a valid way of determining if you like something.That's a good qvestion. I dovbt yov'll get an ansvver thovgh. It's a mystery as old as the trveness itself.You mean breathing privilege right? Fucking privilege is something else entirely.&lt;Nojerk&gt; It's a Japanese honorific for someone above you or your senior such as an upperclassmen or someone at work who's been there longer. Kouhai is the opposite which is someone your junior like an underclassmen or the new guy at work. It's used a lot in anime, especially the school related ones where someone, usually a girl is in love with an upperclassmen who is oblivious to her existence or her trying love. It's where the whole "senpai notice me" thing came from. Naturally weeaboos love to mix in Japanese words they learned from anime into normal conversation and senpai is a common one since its common in the type of anime weeaboos are known for. Since weeaboos are on the same cringey level of furries and bronies, someone using senpai can be seen as really cringey if it's not an obvious joke.&lt;/Nojerk&gt;Aren't those gvys playing the instrvments the band that vse to play vvith baby metal live before the girl from the ring took over every instrvment? Does this mean Ghost is novv a svpergrovp?They're basically just like 3D-TVs when they were first introduced. It's new technology that's everywhere simply because it's new. The idea behind them is that they're supposed to be like movie theater screens which are curved so there is no image warping and feel immersive but the problem is those concepts are only noticeable at those large sizes and distances. On a computer monitor those benefits are almost non-existent. They're some noticeable difference on large tv's but even then it's still very little and definitely not worth the extra price. It's only beneficial on extremely large tv's which only the rich will have the space and money for.I'm not a christian yov False. I'm a Kristian. I vvorship Kristian Vikernes a.k.a Varg bvt I vvovldn't expect someone a False as yov to even knovv svch a trve religion even exists.Great timing kapt. I'm seeing them tomorrow and I completely forgot to check out anything by them. I'm guessing this is a good place to start.Two days ago I released my very first full length album [Motor Mass]( https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com/album/motor-mass) digitally, on VHS, and on 3.5 inch floppy. I want to say the genre is rock but after some of the comments I've gotten, I'm not so sure. I've been told it sounds like Swans and Judas Priest's more hard rock stuff. To make it even more confusing, most of the album I was trying to imitate the thrash metal band Deathhammer and then other songs I was trying to imitate some of the slower songs by the black metal band Marduk but I just don't have the skill or knowledge to properly pull off an imitation of either of those bands.It's 9gag. There's a good chance the poster is too young to get a job.That was alright but now I regret skipping seeing Pentagram to see them.Maybe you could explain it to me then. It just sounds like he sped up the song. VVhat is this Falseness? There aren't even any gvitars. This is the type ov Falseness /u/Lord_Dusk vvovld make. I thovght I vvovld be happy seeing more Falses competing vvith me after the grand bvrneding and dieding ov Falses vvho thovght they covld oppose me in /r/innerjerkmvsicians bvt this is terrible. It's so False that people vvovld start saying I'm bvllying little kids if I bvrned and died yov.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; It really is nice to see more contributors to /r/innerjerkmusicians after some of the biggest contributors left. Hopefully there'll still be more since the barrier to entry is so low from it being filled with rubber bands and shoe drums from the start. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Did yov jvst try to claim the premade loops that come on a keyboard as yovr ovvn? That's Falser than False. Even a False can make original Falseness bvt yov vvere too False to even come vp vvith yovr ovvn Falseness.I think there's a couple but the only one I can think of off the top of my head is Detective 27 by Geezer Butler of Black Sabbath's side project, G/Z/R.That's too bad. This was one of the worst weeks for you to miss it since Motor Mass, the greatest album ever was released this week. Make sure you add it to next week's post.It makes you a nerd to not wear them because it shows that you don't go to enough concerts to need them sop you barely support your local scene.Surprisingly Mexico has is beat for fat though but I'm sure we can catch up.You interviewed some unknown dungeon synth False but not me, this generations saviour of metal? Bands are paying you to do interviews aren't they? You've sold out Kapt. Pretty soon you'll be interviewing Kanye West and trying to act like you didn't do it because he paid you.So they're only going to release the albums where Phil ruined the band and none of their early greatness? What's the point of that? I can't imagine the backwoods incest loving rednecks that enjoy those albums have much money.It's a svb vvhere a bvnch of posers try to pretend they're trver than me to try to get my attention becavse they vvorship every little thing I do. So far this little kvlt ov mine's been a real savsagefest. VVovld yov like to be ignored by me too? Ignoring a grill vvovld be a nice change ov pace.It's the thing yov vse to make yovr poser mvsic.Homosexval acts are pretty trve becavse Gaahl bvt friends are for Falses.  Only misanthropy ist trve. Besides hovv can I be friends vvith yov faceless kvlt member? I can't even tell yov apart from anyone else in this svb.Like I said, all yov faceless kvlt members look the same to me. Everything yov do ist still False in comparison to my trvness.I feel like there was no point it getting Corey to do the Fisher King's roar because it was so edited and distorted that it became the same generic scream that happens when you add a lot of distortion to any voice. They literally could have just had an intern do it and gotten the same result though considering that Corey's scream wouldn't fit without a lot of distortion and editing anyway, it's not surprising that's what happened. They really should have gotten an actual metal vocalist with a less human sounding scream to do it. It would have given the Fisher King a more distinctive roar but I guess getting someone well known with an already huge fanbase was a better decision marketingwise. Still they could have at least let some of Corey's voice shine through.They didn't play it when I saw them last year but maybe they added it to their set list this year.You've made me realIze that I've unintentionally stayed away from every shirt with a back besides two shirts with tour dates. It seems like the  bigger bands are the ones most likely to include a back which makes sense since it costs more money to print double sided shirts. I feel like it's because whoever is designing the band shirt doesn't really know what to put on the back so they go with text since the back is likely to be covered up by jackets or long hair but they don't really have anything to say so they put on some metal culture related message or some edgy attention getting thing.Phil made it into a crappy though guy groove metal. They were only good when they played hair metal.
&gt;coffeehouse hotspots

&gt; malicious actors

I see what you did there.&gt;I think that people on r/metaljerk disliked my comments. 

I think it was only one user that was actually offended by it. Everything else dismissed you as the edgy kid you are.

&gt; I never said nigger, though. 

You just said it.Solid advice that I see yov've been taking yovrself lately bvt it's vseless. No matter hovv mvch yov lvrk or chvg, yov'll never even begin to be as trve as me.[That's what Corey Taylor says and does on Doctor Who extra]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=sKwSbhqZhFY) but the audio guys made it so generic sounding that there's no way to prove that recording actually made it into the final take.It's understandable you didn't hear about it. The only mention besides the extra that came after the show was a cringey article that treated them like the scariest thing in existence published about a week ago.It's so nice having so many people desperate for my attention. By the vvay, I like hair metal like Panera not (c)rap metal and nv-metal. Yov're thinking ov the False that likes Coal Chamber.Did you know Corey Taylor's vocals are so generic that they made his scream of an alien called the Fisher King on Doctor Who and the Slipknot fan's in the Doctor Who sub weren't able to tell it was him without being explicitly told what he did.MoshersPlease don't. That'll scar me for life and make me only like a mature genre like indie.That just further proves my theory that most Phil-era Pantera fans are inbred incest loving hillbillIes.You're the giant dude that slam dances the wrong way in the pit because he thinks he can win?There doesn't seem to be any new information about him. No mention of if he had even started living there. His documentary was crowd funded so assuming he didn't just run with the money, he should either be living there now, will live there soon, or the footage is just being edited.No they don't. They have the highest charting death metal album of all time. Cannibal Corpse has the highest selling death metal album of all time and are the highest selling death metal band of all time. Dethklok has probably the second least knowledgeable metal fanbase, right behind Pantera.I'm a DJ? VVovv they have some really lovv standards. I've never even shovvn vp for vvork.YesActually I just checked [the projects website]( https://www.mymajorcompany.com/lumiere-sur-tevennec) again which is in French and for some reason Google translate worked better this time around. It says he's going to stay in the lighthouse during the months of October and November so he just started living there not too long ago No. I don't make Pornogrind.Why do you think bands tee's are played out?Not me. I vvasn't some rich pop loving non-mel False in 1995. My compvter vvas on the floor all the time and I had to listen to my black metal by pressing my head against the ground becavse ov the vveak speaker.&gt;periodically go vndercover as falsies 

Yov're doing an amazing job didn't novv. The level ov detail yov pvt into yovr Falseness is amazing. I don't think anyone covld distingvish yov from a False.Yov mvst have an incredibly povverfvl colon. That explains hovv yov can spevv all this shit abovt yov being trve.That's a good thing. That means you're not a brony.What is it with Scandinavians taking everything too far? [They can't even make a music without burning down a church and murdering some people.]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Early_Norwegian_black_metal_scene)VVhat is yovr favorite **MANOVVAR** albvm? If yov don't listen to **MANOVVAR**, vvhy are yov afraid ov yovrself?Heavy metal.It sounds like you've never met any EDM fans.Their name comes from the way the person who introduced the polish death metal band Vader to a band member described it.I know. I hate all these elitists who complain and correct me when I say Frank Sinatra is death metal and Black Sabbath is hip hop.From death metal there's a huge difference. Heavy metal is stuff that sounds like Judas Priest. [This is death metal.] ( http://youtube.com/watch?v=WdPDz3MVd6Y) It's pretty hard to mistake the two.I thovght Metalinjection stealing content from me tvvice vvovld at least let them get over their fear ov themselves bvt clearly their Falseness ist too strong. I'm ashamed to be associated with this site even thovgh I've contribvted more valvable content than all the vvriters combined. They need to make me a vvriter already so I can make the site vvorth reading.I just posted what I was listening to at the moment. Cannibal Corpse would probably be the best example of modern death metal.They don't have warped sense of time. Our perception of time changes as we get older. Time gets faster, the older you get. For a kid, five minutes is an eternity. For an adult, five minutes is quick but not insignificant. For an old man, five minutes is a blink.I never had a mcrib so someone else will have to tell you about the taste but it's not seasonal. It's availability depends on pork prices. When they get low enough, McDonald's reintroduces the Mcrib and when they start rising again, they take it off the menu.It's not bullshit unfortunately. It's been known for a while that the TSA really doesn't do much to keep us safe.Obviously bullshit. An old way to see it is to go to similar with a lot of boats leaving and going. You can see the curvature of the earth when the boats are on the horizon because the bottom of the front of the boat is visible before the all of the front.&gt;Skullmeramon, who is so hot it can melt Tokyo Tower just by being there. Steel melts at 1,400c.

Are you telling me that Skullmeramon *can* melt steel beams? Dank.No. They're definitely death metal. They're actually started as brutal death metal before becoming just death metal if you want to get really specific. Brutal death metal is death metal with grindcore elements so it's understandable that you might have confused the two. They sound pretty similar but they're different enough to not be the same thing.Is that the warning sign of furryism?Just from a quick search of the sub, it looks the post he linked wasn't deleted because it was related to serious eats since there's still plenty of non deleted serious eats links.[Here's the start of that episode that includes most of the TSA thing.] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LDzOi1dyAA)Ov covrse the face of poserdom decides to copy a False.What wrong with this? It's just an ad for the cult of Costco. I joined and the perks are great. I can buy so many things in bulk at great prices and their pizza is great especially for the price. Plus I now get laid so much more thanks to the weekly orgies in the name of the lord of dark winds, Baphomet. I just wish we could take our robes off, they chafe. The only downside is that now I owe Baphomet my firstborn but who needs a kid when there's such low prices.No. He's the next evolvtion ov poser. He's a poser that poses as other posers therefore he's a dovble poser.People uploading from phones is a part of it but it never really went away. I think you're just noticing it more now because stuff gets saved and reuploaded more times in a shorter amount of time so the effect is now noticeable. Along with most people both not knowing how or not caring enough to find the original and not knowing about the compression issue.I don't actually know. Deathofthesun was really vague about it to the point that I think he was just trying to shut me up. He said a month and it's been twenty seven days so my ban should be ending in the next few days but I wouldn't count on him keeping his word.Baphomet doesn't rule over Everett? What a strange exception. Which dark deity do the people of Everett serve under?I hope so. It took me a days worth of back and forth with him to get some the length of my ban out of him and it was such a hassle to get it that I didn't bother to actually find out if he meant exactly one month since he said something to the effect of "I don't know a month or so".Far too mvch? They haven't gone far enovgh. It's clear that they're trying to be as manly as **MANOVVAR** bvt like Falses, they stopped halfway.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; It's Kamelot with their new singer. I'm not a fan but my sister is and she says they sold out after Roy Kahn, the original singer left. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;My Nojerk tags have never meant anything because I'm never jerking. Everything I say in this sub is 100% serious and 100% True.It's a little long for pasta isn't it?That's not what I'm looking for but that sounds interesting. What was the name of the story?&lt;Nojerk&gt; It wouldn't really work that well. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;This qvestion has been ansvvered thovsands ov times already. It's me. Alvvays has been and alvvays vvill be.I noticed you seemed to gloss over the porn aspect of it and that the fanbase seems to consist of young kids.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Is that new? I could have sworn I've seen it before. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I meant the porn aspect of the fandom.If you think this is cringe then you should see the fans of this type of music. It's the genre neckbeards all seem to be drawn to.True but FNAF fans seem to take it to brony levels with how much they spread it around.True but FNAF's fanbase seems to consist more of them than any other demographic.There's enough that it's worth mentioning.No. The whole point of being a ninja is not drawing attention to yourself.Does vvearing my sister's jacket make me a crossdresser? Does vvearing my sister's jacket make me a crossdresser?

&lt;Nojerk&gt; Blinding, and suffocating my drunken self then headbanging was the safest idea I could think of. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;There isn't. That video was an ad for a meditation thing called Whil.You linked to an ad. The man in a cube documentary thing is the ad.&gt;Fancy video-editing effects

I vsed no svch thing. Yovr compvter is probably jvst glitching ovt becavse it's a poser.

&gt;Featvres a band not playing in an abandoned vvarehovse or a forest

It's an vndergrovnd dryvvall cave yov False.

&gt;No trve people featvred in it

This video ist nothing bvt trve people.

&gt;Didn't make for Hallovveen

I made it on Hallovveen yov False.

&gt;No rvnning throvgh a forest at 6.66mph

Yovr False video made the very idea of forests in black metal False.

&gt;Lip-syncing
&gt;Non-bootleg video ov yovr band playing live

There's not lip-syncing. This ist a live bootleg in front ov ovr biggest avdience yet, zero people.

&gt;No corpse paint/spooky masks

Did yov not see my corpse paint? My corpse paint ist the Goatcifer logo. That's hovv trve I am.

&gt;Actval effort vvas pvt into the prodvction ov the video

Actval effort? I pvt no effort into this. Vnlike yov, even vvhen I don't try my stvff ends vp amazing vvhile yov have trovble reaching mediocre even if yov pvt in effort.

&gt;More than 1 person in the video

Technically there's no one in the original video. This is jvst a video of a vvall.

&gt;Filmed in yovr hovse

It's a dryvvall cave yov False and vvho says this is my dryvvall cave?

&gt;Vsed a legitimate camera instead of yovr vvebcam or phone camera

Legitimate camera? This ist my phone camera. 

Are yov trying to make the Falsest video on the intervvebz? Becavse if so, I think yov've svcceeded.

I covld never even hope to take the title ov Falsest video on the intervvebs from yov. That False video yov pvt vp vvas so False that yov might have revived nv-metal.This doesn't seem like it's going to go well. Jon seems to be completely against moshing and metal in a bar.All what you're saying is that this was an inside job?He took putting her drawing on the fridge to a whole new level.I don't get it. Those gvys are some ov manliest men, I've ever seen.Yov're confvsing me for Dragnvcks again.I'm not svre if yov're trying to say that I made the best mvsic video ever or the vvorst bvt I'm going to assvme it's the first since I have yet to make a bad anything ever.This buget was zero dollars so that must mean you spent money to make that music video. You have money. You're a sellout.To\u034fo\u035f \u0327\u035dl\u0358\u0327\u031bat\u0489\u0361e\u0361,\u0335 \u0489\u0341\u035dh\u0360\u035e\u035ee\u035d \u0361\u035cc\u0360o\u0327\u0341\u0327me\u0361s\u0321\u0315It's not my dryvvall cave yov False. I live in a crypt vvith my vvaifv.Are yov hitting on me? Don't even bother. I'm vvay ovt ov yovr leagve.Ov covrse she vvill never date me. I'm vvay ovt ov here leagve. She dreams ov getting vvith this bvt I'm already taken by Dead.I vvillCongratulations, you discovered rule34, decades after everyone else.Destroying False eardrums is much more valuable to society.I get the feeling you meant to post this to another sub since this kind of content is against the rules.Just images with no other content isn't allowed. It would have been better to post a link to a song from the album and then post this in the comments.It says on the sidebar you can't.I watched it. He seemed kind of starstruck and yelled less.It accidentally grabbed it instead of my other jacket and decided adding some color other than black or great vvovld be nice.It turned out that it was actually a counterfeit that was a common gun remodeled to look like a more valuable gun so all he did was make a valueless gun have negative value.There's only one solvtion for yovr Falseness:

           ---      ---                                                            .'     \
           | |      | |      --- ---   ---   /_____\  ---            ---     ---  /  .'\    \
           |  ~\  /~  |     /  | | '~\ | | /`  ___  `\ \ \          / /     /  | |  &lt;    &gt;  /
           | |~\\//~| |   / /| | | |~\~  | ~| |   | |~  \ \   /\   / /    / /| | |   \,./  /
           | |  \/  | | /  /_| | | |  ~| |  | |   | |    \ \/ .. \/ /   /  /_| | | |\.    /
           | |      | |(   __  | | |   | |  | |   | |     \  /  \  /   (   __  | | |  '.  \.
           | |      | | \ (  | | | |   | |  | |   | |     \ \    / /    \ (  | | | |    \  |
           | |      | |  ) \ | | | |   | |  | \   / |      \ \  / /      ) \ | | | |     | |
           | |      ---  --- --- ---   ---  \  \./  /      ---  ---      --- --- ---     | |
           | |                               "     "                                     | |
           | |                                `   `                                      | |
           | |                                 " "                                       | |
           | |                                  |                                        | |
           |  &gt;                                                                         &lt;  |
           |.'                                                                           '.|
           |                                                                               |



&lt;Nojerk&gt; You guys are bringing up **MANOWAR** way too much. It's not as funny when they're mentioned in every thead. That and you're stealing my shtick that was passed on to me by bukkaepizza. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;/u/sinndogg2, is the thing about being in a state of annihilation and time standing still in a black hole True? His explanation seem a bit iffy.A real enlightened gentleman would never risk destroying his brain cells with alcohol so I drink Mountain Dew: Code Red out of a wine glass by the fireplace.Champagne flute? Who exactly is the pleb here? I only consume such decadent sublimity in antique color-twist wine glasses from circa 1770. The bell bowl set on a double-knopped stem enclosing a central opaque-white gauze core within single opaque-white, translucent green, brick-red and amethyst spiraling threads, over a conical foot accentuates the aroma and has a breathtaking feel through my fingerless gloves. Unlike your plebian dollar store champagne flues, wine glasses bestow the dew hints of brightness, complexity, crispness, and intellectual sanctification while a champagne flute grants the dew notes of austerity, flab, fleshiness, and unctuousness.


I had no idea that intellectually satisfying was a real term used to describe wine. 
I'm not bvkkakepizza. I'm a mvch bigger **MANOVVAR** fan. Also he's pulling another blackbetty. He's already here. Yov've probably already talked to him. Keep an eye on the nevv Falses.It sounds like you don't listen to enough heavier music then. To someone that occasionally listens to it, it all sounds similar but someone who's gotten past at least the surface level stuff will find a huge difference between each genre. They all have different characteristics that fans of one genre will like while fans of others will hate that one particular element because it goes against the spirit of it.Sounds like you're still angry about being corrected by someone who knows more about music than you.Slipknot has technically always basically been Stone Sour with a lot of distortion, at least musically. Nu-metal, especially Slipknot's brand of it is grew out of alternative rock rather than metal but the aggression and distortion is enough for those unfamiliar with it to mistake nu-metal for metal. Take the aggression and distortion out and it becomes Stone Sour.I think I trust the mods judgement more than some person complaining about being banned because they think the mods are genre purists. The mods there know what they're talking about incredibly well so I trust their judgement on it being metalcore.The vocalist of Debauchary is an animal rights activist. He even wrote a couple songs about it but then PETA told him to knock it off for some reason.You probably should take the opinion of those two fanbases with a grain of salt. They're entry level bands so they're full of teenagers trying to prove they're metal. I love St Anger and I proudly mention it when Metallica is brought up. Now that I'm not in high school and don't have to deal with teenagers, I have received absolutely no shit for it even from people the people that only want to listen to the most underground black metal.How does this guy know then?Good point. He probably [killed way too few animals for their liking.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/02/05/pets-shelter-euthanization-rate_n_6612490.html)That's incredibly vague. By that definition Noise rock and some forms of punk are metal too.Turning the amps down and yelling less doesn't exactly change the style. A metal song is still a metal whether you play it on a guitar, piano, or a violin. Playing an alternative rock song with extra distortion and yelling the lyrics doesn't make it a metal song even with the few metal bits they added.Thanks. that's actually what I wanted to know though I guess I'll wait for /u/sinndogg2 to come and confirm it. He's my personal science checker and corrects any mistakes I make anywhere on reddit.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Thanks though I kind of wish one of the other threads I did were counted. I was kind of lazy and stopped at fifty replies overall. Usually it's fifty for the thread and then fifty for every reply. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Those both sound like metalcore though different types. The first one sounds like the original metalcore while the second link sounds like the modern melodeath influenced one.Oddly enough it was lo-fi black metal that helped me get over the drum sound.I'll take your word for it since I'm not much of a metalcore fan and I actually checked over there and it looks like the band you linked gets posted over there all the time so I don't think you're telling the entire story.Heavy metal isn't actually that vague of a term, you're just using it vaguely. The bluesy thick stoner sound of early Black Sabbath is actually called Doom metal while Iron Maiden's style is traditional heavy metal though it shifts towards power metal. If you're going to use heavy metal that vaguely then yes, they're heavy metal but so is every other band that plays guitar based music with a lot of distortion. It's actually Vol. 3 that most people agree is their most nu-metal album. Their first album actual got pretty close to metal since one of the member's that went on to start a very mediocre death metal band, brought a lot of the metal influence but the heavy altrock sound that nu-metal is defined by is still there. After he left, it became much stronger. Vol 3. is kind of the definition of the heavier side of nu-metal with stuff link Linking Park being the lighter bits of it. I'll agree on the hard rock part since their later stuff does venture into hard rock but early on they were without a doubt nu-metal. The nu-metal label probably doesn't fit them anymore but the stuff most people know them for is without a doubt nu-metal.Fuck you, poser. I bet you only listen to wimpy dad rock and think you're a trve metalhead.Thank you. I didn't expect a compliment for point out the obvious but it's still appreciated. Was the mod /u/manwithoutmodem? &lt;/Nojerk&gt; I think I might start spamming a much wider variety of USPM bands since they generally have the same **MANOWAR**-like qualities and **MANOWAR** is still more associated with bukkaepizza than me. It'll keep things a bit fresher since it wont be the **MANOWAR** jokes. I'm sure /u/thisistheperfectname will join me. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;That sounds like a sandwich though relish on a sandwich doesn't sound that great.I'm asking because you're acting just like the people who get banned by him and if that's the case then I completely agree with him. I never thought the day would come when I'd have to call out a repost of somethhing I posted, especially in /r/metaljerk. You didn't even bother to change my title, you poser.It took you this long for that fact that I'm biased to sink in? This is the second time I said I agreed with the mods and I wasn't exactly impartial in any of my other comments either.I\u0313\u0366\u030d\u030f\u0352\u035at\u0367\u034a\u0313\u0301\u036a\u0350\u031f'\u034c\u035a\u031e\u035as\u0309\u0363\u036b\u0366\u030d\u0325\u032c \u0312\u0351\u0330\u032ej\u036a\u034c\u030a\u036f\u0324\u0356\u0331\u0330u\u036e\u0346\u036b\u034d\u0353\u033b\u0349s\u0346\u0313\u031a\u0367\u034c\u0364\u031e\u033a\u0331\u0333\u0354\u031ft\u0348 \u0307\u0357Z\u0368\u030f\u0301\u034b\u0359\u0332\u0356\u031d\u0326\u0333a\u0319\u0326\u032b\u0339\u0355l\u0313\u0344\u0305\u031d\u0354g\u0303\u0312\u0369\u035a\u0331\u0355\u0329o\u0301\u0300\u0318\u032f \u032d\u032dt\u0357\u0357\u0343\u0352\u033d\u033b\u0319\u031ce\u0303\u036e\u0369\u0313\u0323x\u0366\u035b\u0363\u0342\u036a\u0311\u0312\u0359\u0316t\u036d\u0301\u030b\u034a\u0308\u0307\u032f\u0332,\u0366\u0307\u0343\u0342\u0349\u0323\u0339 \u0365\u034b\u0308\u030c\u030b\u0308\u0324\u0333\u0326\u0330\u034ey\u033d\u0302\u0314\u0314\u034c\u0365\u0333\u0316\u034d\u0339\u0316\u0345\u0333o\u030a\u030f\u0342\u030b\u030f\u033c\u0331\u0325\u0316u\u0307\u0311\u0308\u0364\u036e\u030e\u0323\u0317\u0332\u0332 \u036c\u0332\u032b\u034d\u033a\u0331\u031fw\u0303\u030a\u033a\u032e\u0330i\u030d\u030f\u0304\u033f\u0363\u0351\u0306m\u034b\u0306\u034a\u030a\u0303\u034cp\u033e\u0331\u0339\u0319\u0316\u0324.\u0306\u0324\u032d\u032f\u0354\u0316\u031d\u033aWhen was that, 50 years ago? Try it in 2015 and you'll instantly regret it. Elitists are the craziest, most feared dudes at my school. No one messes with this brotherhood. They won't hesitate to go -Varg- on anyone who thinks they can abuse their kin with no repercussion. Yeah, we have a rep. I've personally made kids cry by flooding their online and real lives with black metal and various genres corrections. We're the new jocks, you're the new geek.It's says, "it's jvst Zalgo Text, yov vvimp". Only the trve can read this kvlt langvage.He is afraid.Is this ASMR? Taking a drive vvith Varg ist so nice and relaxing. He shovld make more ov these.I see yov savv my post abovt VSPM bvt vve're going to start vvith ATTACKER! They are the vvere the ones vvith the absolvte povver to crvsh the vvimps vvith the original NO VVIMPS. Novv that the Falses are back and appropriating **MANOVVAR** cvltvre, it's time for [THE SECOND COMING!]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=8BakyWqXUxM)YOV MOTHERFVCKERS!&lt;Nojerk&gt; I asked him to make more videos like this. It's surprisingly relaxing. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I think that might be a general Indian thing. My friends and family all do exactly that. I've found that the more talkative ones will keep talking until you interrupt them. It doesn't matter if you're listening or not. I've tried ignoring them and completely away but they still keep talking.I actually didn't really care about what genre, they were but at least now I know if I ever encounter them again. I was more interested in his banning. It sounds like he said some really stupid things and got banned for it.No, yov've proved once again that yov're False. Stanger ist Metallica's only good albvm becavse it's proto-black metal.&lt;Nojerk&gt; It's official, **MANOWAR** has become so overused by posers that they're False. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Am I allovved to participate despite the fact that I'm permanently trvest person in existence?&gt;I complained that my post shouldn't have been deleted, and questioned the grounds of it's deletion

See, you said something stupid.I don't think it's wild conjecture at this point.The way you've been acting towards me and him, I'm pretty sure even if you did post them, it'd just be you trying to tell me he was wrong and me disagreeing while making fun of you.I mean your comment to him and to me. You're so incredibly butthurt about it that it's hard to see your arguments as legitimate. I covld jvst say I'm Dragovic and that vvovld be enovgh to vvin bvt I'm going to let [Scary Viking Man vovch for me instead.](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/3idmlm/i_am_johan_hegg_from_metal_band_amon_amarth_and/cuhch1w)It's now Christine-Chan. That's not a joke, he really calls himself Christine now.Scientists finding out that wine experts actually have no idea what they're talking about using that method except both bottles are the exact same thing but with different labels. They probably keep doing it because they just wanted to fuck with pretentious experts but they have a great excuse in that they can claim they're repeating the original experiment to check the results.No one alive has seen Motor Loa tour because to stay underground, we set each town we okay in in fire beforehand. Only the trvest of the trve stay and watch. Then they get burned and died because the buildings on fire.I think I'm a Nazi now since I agree with you. I already mentioned it to sinnFalse but this sub stopped inspiring my stories. That's why the last two have been so forced. There's only so many rants that the same jokes can inspire. I blame the new users. They're too young to be funny or interesting.I appreciate the effort but it looks like the Falses didn't get it and went back to the Tim Gary Ron jokes.That's means I'm too mainstream. I'm going to start my own site and hide all my amazing content behind a paywall. Only those worthy enough with enough kvltkoin will be able to witness me.Yov killed **MANOVVAR** yov False.&lt;Nokerk&gt; The teasing got really boring. We always teased each other before but we were more varied with our jokes and who we teased but now each post has the same joke over and over. Some posts are even just that same joke with no other content to name it relevant. I think it might be mostly directed mostly at me because most of the regulars from before left or rarely post. I think I might be the only one from before who has been doing anything memorable enough that my name gets remembered. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;BigotI've found that teenagers that don't know pit etiquette seem to be the most obnoxious. I haven't dealt with them for a long time since I've only been going to 18+ shows for the last few years but I recently went to an all ages show and it became a glaringly obvious difference from the shows I've been going to. They ended up absolutely ruining the pit by doing jumping jacks, swinging around each other until they fell down, hardcore dancing, hardcore dancing into the crowd gathered at the front, and moshing the wrong way.It's a default so that makes sense.I'm still not svre who you are. Do yov post here often?

&lt;Nojerk&gt; There's plenty of content in other subs to post here but no one seems to be interested in going to get it anymore and I've been kind of lazy recently about searching for content. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;They died and yov killed them.Am I forgetting someone? It's saintly not you. I don't think you've posted much until this week.That same show actually had a doom/stoner metal opener and the kids were moshing to them as if they were the fastest band in the world. Clearly they're doing a horrible job.That actually sounds awesome. I was thinking about doing something similar at first but I realized I messed up with recording the footage to begin with so I couldn't do it and I didn't want to go and suffocate myself again.This is vvhy I vvas asking if I vvas banned from participating. It vvas obviovs no one covld even attempt to compete vvith me. It vvovld have been better to find ovt vvhi vvas the second trvest, at least that vvovld be interesting.Considering his really questionable list of genres in a headbangers journey, I'm guessing most of this show will just be him making up genres.If it was a metal concert, I'd suggest bringing a sacrificial goat to appease the veteran metalheads but since you're going to see five finger death punch, go in full football gear. Any moshpits and headbanging that break out are more likely to be similar to a mass seizure than an actual pit so the helmet and pads should be great protection from the flailing limbs.I doubt anyone's afraid of it but I've seen wrote a few people not know it was a copypasta so they tried to call the person out for pretending to be a tough guy.His entire post history is similar to this. He's either a troll or a really sad individual.[You know he's not making a joke right?]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=UxcKh4baUT8)&lt;Nojerk&gt; I'm pretty sure he's the type of person that dismisses anything that has harsh vocals. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Don't forget Just Black Metal January.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Make sure to post this to /r/innerjerkmusicians too. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; I don't get how people here don't know if it's existence yet. Every music post here is usually an x-post from there. It's always in the title. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;This really sounds like it was recorded live. I actually wanted to make Motor Mass like this back when it was just supposed to be an EP. Also that shirt design is really cool. I might actually buy it depending on how much money I have left at the end of the month.&lt;Nojerk&gt; They did. The link is right under the link to Goatcifer in the sidebar though putting it under related subs would be a good idea too. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;He's the guy who made the documentary A Headbanger's Journey and his genealogy tree of metal has become kind of infamous for being wrong. /u/kaptain_carbon posted it later in this thread and tried to fix it up a bit but it'd be better to just start over then trying to fix that mess.&lt;Nojerk&gt; No. Too ugly. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;It's more for people who are pretty new to metal.I'm actually surprised you haven't done something like that for one of your website. It seems right up your alley.Pics first.I'm not fvll ov myself. I'm jvst a really big fan ov myself.I'm not a Blind Guardian fan so I can't help you with that but what's wrong with going in blind?

Since it's your first metal concert, I recommend wearing as many spikes as you possibly can. You have to go in looking like a steel hedgehog so the veteran metalheads will know you're a real metalhead and won't mess with you. If they do try to mess with you, attack them with your quills. That'll show everyone that you mean business and they'll leave you alone.The standard response in this sub to the first metal concert question is always something along the lines of sacrifice goats or assert your dominance.I knovv. Dadrock like paranoid doesn't belong on a list vvith Panera and SOAP.The answer he have you is not quite right. Everyone who posts on 4chan is considered a part of anonymous, not just the hackers. It's just the name the userbase came up for themselves because until recently, anonymity was forced. Everyone was forced to post with Anonymous as their name and they adopted it as an actual name rather than a placeholder for when no name is available.My Nojerk tags have never meant anything because I'm never jerking. Everything I say in this sub is 100% serious and 100% True.It's a little long for pasta isn't it?That's not what I'm looking for but that sounds interesting. What was the name of the story?&lt;Nojerk&gt; It wouldn't really work that well. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;This qvestion has been ansvvered thovsands ov times already. It's me. Alvvays has been and alvvays vvill be.I noticed you seemed to gloss over the porn aspect of it and that the fanbase seems to consist of young kids.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Is that new? I could have sworn I've seen it before. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I meant the porn aspect of the fandom.If you think this is cringe then you should see the fans of this type of music. It's the genre neckbeards all seem to be drawn to.True but FNAF fans seem to take it to brony levels with how much they spread it around.True but FNAF's fanbase seems to consist more of them than any other demographic.There's enough that it's worth mentioning.No. The whole point of being a ninja is not drawing attention to yourself.Does vvearing my sister's jacket make me a crossdresser? Does vvearing my sister's jacket make me a crossdresser?

&lt;Nojerk&gt; Blinding, and suffocating my drunken self then headbanging was the safest idea I could think of. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;There isn't. That video was an ad for a meditation thing called Whil.You linked to an ad. The man in a cube documentary thing is the ad.&gt;Fancy video-editing effects

I vsed no svch thing. Yovr compvter is probably jvst glitching ovt becavse it's a poser.

&gt;Featvres a band not playing in an abandoned vvarehovse or a forest

It's an vndergrovnd dryvvall cave yov False.

&gt;No trve people featvred in it

This video ist nothing bvt trve people.

&gt;Didn't make for Hallovveen

I made it on Hallovveen yov False.

&gt;No rvnning throvgh a forest at 6.66mph

Yovr False video made the very idea of forests in black metal False.

&gt;Lip-syncing
&gt;Non-bootleg video ov yovr band playing live

There's not lip-syncing. This ist a live bootleg in front ov ovr biggest avdience yet, zero people.

&gt;No corpse paint/spooky masks

Did yov not see my corpse paint? My corpse paint ist the Goatcifer logo. That's hovv trve I am.

&gt;Actval effort vvas pvt into the prodvction ov the video

Actval effort? I pvt no effort into this. Vnlike yov, even vvhen I don't try my stvff ends vp amazing vvhile yov have trovble reaching mediocre even if yov pvt in effort.

&gt;More than 1 person in the video

Technically there's no one in the original video. This is jvst a video of a vvall.

&gt;Filmed in yovr hovse

It's a dryvvall cave yov False and vvho says this is my dryvvall cave?

&gt;Vsed a legitimate camera instead of yovr vvebcam or phone camera

Legitimate camera? This ist my phone camera. 

Are yov trying to make the Falsest video on the intervvebz? Becavse if so, I think yov've svcceeded.

I covld never even hope to take the title ov Falsest video on the intervvebs from yov. That False video yov pvt vp vvas so False that yov might have revived nv-metal.This doesn't seem like it's going to go well. Jon seems to be completely against moshing and metal in a bar.All what you're saying is that this was an inside job?He took putting her drawing on the fridge to a whole new level.I don't get it. Those gvys are some ov manliest men, I've ever seen.Yov're confvsing me for Dragnvcks again.I'm not svre if yov're trying to say that I made the best mvsic video ever or the vvorst bvt I'm going to assvme it's the first since I have yet to make a bad anything ever.This buget was zero dollars so that must mean you spent money to make that music video. You have money. You're a sellout.To\u034fo\u035f \u0327\u035dl\u0358\u0327\u031bat\u0489\u0361e\u0361,\u0335 \u0489\u0341\u035dh\u0360\u035e\u035ee\u035d \u0361\u035cc\u0360o\u0327\u0341\u0327me\u0361s\u0321\u0315It's not my dryvvall cave yov False. I live in a crypt vvith my vvaifv.Are yov hitting on me? Don't even bother. I'm vvay ovt ov yovr leagve.Ov covrse she vvill never date me. I'm vvay ovt ov here leagve. She dreams ov getting vvith this bvt I'm already taken by Dead.I vvillCongratulations, you discovered rule34, decades after everyone else.Destroying False eardrums is much more valuable to society.I get the feeling you meant to post this to another sub since this kind of content is against the rules.Just images with no other content isn't allowed. It would have been better to post a link to a song from the album and then post this in the comments.It says on the sidebar you can't.I watched it. He seemed kind of starstruck and yelled less.It accidentally grabbed it instead of my other jacket and decided adding some color other than black or great vvovld be nice.It turned out that it was actually a counterfeit that was a common gun remodeled to look like a more valuable gun so all he did was make a valueless gun have negative value.There's only one solvtion for yovr Falseness:

           ---      ---                                                            .'     \
           | |      | |      --- ---   ---   /_____\  ---            ---     ---  /  .'\    \
           |  ~\  /~  |     /  | | '~\ | | /`  ___  `\ \ \          / /     /  | |  &lt;    &gt;  /
           | |~\\//~| |   / /| | | |~\~  | ~| |   | |~  \ \   /\   / /    / /| | |   \,./  /
           | |  \/  | | /  /_| | | |  ~| |  | |   | |    \ \/ .. \/ /   /  /_| | | |\.    /
           | |      | |(   __  | | |   | |  | |   | |     \  /  \  /   (   __  | | |  '.  \.
           | |      | | \ (  | | | |   | |  | |   | |     \ \    / /    \ (  | | | |    \  |
           | |      | |  ) \ | | | |   | |  | \   / |      \ \  / /      ) \ | | | |     | |
           | |      ---  --- --- ---   ---  \  \./  /      ---  ---      --- --- ---     | |
           | |                               "     "                                     | |
           | |                                `   `                                      | |
           | |                                 " "                                       | |
           | |                                  |                                        | |
           |  &gt;                                                                         &lt;  |
           |.'                                                                           '.|
           |                                                                               |



&lt;Nojerk&gt; You guys are bringing up **MANOWAR** way too much. It's not as funny when they're mentioned in every thead. That and you're stealing my shtick that was passed on to me by bukkaepizza. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;/u/sinndogg2, is the thing about being in a state of annihilation and time standing still in a black hole True? His explanation seem a bit iffy.A real enlightened gentleman would never risk destroying his brain cells with alcohol so I drink Mountain Dew: Code Red out of a wine glass by the fireplace.Champagne flute? Who exactly is the pleb here? I only consume such decadent sublimity in antique color-twist wine glasses from circa 1770. The bell bowl set on a double-knopped stem enclosing a central opaque-white gauze core within single opaque-white, translucent green, brick-red and amethyst spiraling threads, over a conical foot accentuates the aroma and has a breathtaking feel through my fingerless gloves. Unlike your plebian dollar store champagne flues, wine glasses bestow the dew hints of brightness, complexity, crispness, and intellectual sanctification while a champagne flute grants the dew notes of austerity, flab, fleshiness, and unctuousness.


I had no idea that intellectually satisfying was a real term used to describe wine. 
I'm not bvkkakepizza. I'm a mvch bigger **MANOVVAR** fan. Also he's pulling another blackbetty. He's already here. Yov've probably already talked to him. Keep an eye on the nevv Falses.It sounds like you don't listen to enough heavier music then. To someone that occasionally listens to it, it all sounds similar but someone who's gotten past at least the surface level stuff will find a huge difference between each genre. They all have different characteristics that fans of one genre will like while fans of others will hate that one particular element because it goes against the spirit of it.Sounds like you're still angry about being corrected by someone who knows more about music than you.Slipknot has technically always basically been Stone Sour with a lot of distortion, at least musically. Nu-metal, especially Slipknot's brand of it is grew out of alternative rock rather than metal but the aggression and distortion is enough for those unfamiliar with it to mistake nu-metal for metal. Take the aggression and distortion out and it becomes Stone Sour.I think I trust the mods judgement more than some person complaining about being banned because they think the mods are genre purists. The mods there know what they're talking about incredibly well so I trust their judgement on it being metalcore.The vocalist of Debauchary is an animal rights activist. He even wrote a couple songs about it but then PETA told him to knock it off for some reason.You probably should take the opinion of those two fanbases with a grain of salt. They're entry level bands so they're full of teenagers trying to prove they're metal. I love St Anger and I proudly mention it when Metallica is brought up. Now that I'm not in high school and don't have to deal with teenagers, I have received absolutely no shit for it even from people the people that only want to listen to the most underground black metal.How does this guy know then?Good point. He probably [killed way too few animals for their liking.](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/02/05/pets-shelter-euthanization-rate_n_6612490.html)That's incredibly vague. By that definition Noise rock and some forms of punk are metal too.Turning the amps down and yelling less doesn't exactly change the style. A metal song is still a metal whether you play it on a guitar, piano, or a violin. Playing an alternative rock song with extra distortion and yelling the lyrics doesn't make it a metal song even with the few metal bits they added.Thanks. that's actually what I wanted to know though I guess I'll wait for /u/sinndogg2 to come and confirm it. He's my personal science checker and corrects any mistakes I make anywhere on reddit.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Thanks though I kind of wish one of the other threads I did were counted. I was kind of lazy and stopped at fifty replies overall. Usually it's fifty for the thread and then fifty for every reply. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Those both sound like metalcore though different types. The first one sounds like the original metalcore while the second link sounds like the modern melodeath influenced one.Oddly enough it was lo-fi black metal that helped me get over the drum sound.I'll take your word for it since I'm not much of a metalcore fan and I actually checked over there and it looks like the band you linked gets posted over there all the time so I don't think you're telling the entire story.Heavy metal isn't actually that vague of a term, you're just using it vaguely. The bluesy thick stoner sound of early Black Sabbath is actually called Doom metal while Iron Maiden's style is traditional heavy metal though it shifts towards power metal. If you're going to use heavy metal that vaguely then yes, they're heavy metal but so is every other band that plays guitar based music with a lot of distortion. It's actually Vol. 3 that most people agree is their most nu-metal album. Their first album actual got pretty close to metal since one of the member's that went on to start a very mediocre death metal band, brought a lot of the metal influence but the heavy altrock sound that nu-metal is defined by is still there. After he left, it became much stronger. Vol 3. is kind of the definition of the heavier side of nu-metal with stuff link Linking Park being the lighter bits of it. I'll agree on the hard rock part since their later stuff does venture into hard rock but early on they were without a doubt nu-metal. The nu-metal label probably doesn't fit them anymore but the stuff most people know them for is without a doubt nu-metal.Fuck you, poser. I bet you only listen to wimpy dad rock and think you're a trve metalhead.Thank you. I didn't expect a compliment for point out the obvious but it's still appreciated. Was the mod /u/manwithoutmodem? &lt;/Nojerk&gt; I think I might start spamming a much wider variety of USPM bands since they generally have the same **MANOWAR**-like qualities and **MANOWAR** is still more associated with bukkaepizza than me. It'll keep things a bit fresher since it wont be the **MANOWAR** jokes. I'm sure /u/thisistheperfectname will join me. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;That sounds like a sandwich though relish on a sandwich doesn't sound that great.I'm asking because you're acting just like the people who get banned by him and if that's the case then I completely agree with him. I never thought the day would come when I'd have to call out a repost of somethhing I posted, especially in /r/metaljerk. You didn't even bother to change my title, you poser.It took you this long for that fact that I'm biased to sink in? This is the second time I said I agreed with the mods and I wasn't exactly impartial in any of my other comments either.I\u0313\u0366\u030d\u030f\u0352\u035at\u0367\u034a\u0313\u0301\u036a\u0350\u031f'\u034c\u035a\u031e\u035as\u0309\u0363\u036b\u0366\u030d\u0325\u032c \u0312\u0351\u0330\u032ej\u036a\u034c\u030a\u036f\u0324\u0356\u0331\u0330u\u036e\u0346\u036b\u034d\u0353\u033b\u0349s\u0346\u0313\u031a\u0367\u034c\u0364\u031e\u033a\u0331\u0333\u0354\u031ft\u0348 \u0307\u0357Z\u0368\u030f\u0301\u034b\u0359\u0332\u0356\u031d\u0326\u0333a\u0319\u0326\u032b\u0339\u0355l\u0313\u0344\u0305\u031d\u0354g\u0303\u0312\u0369\u035a\u0331\u0355\u0329o\u0301\u0300\u0318\u032f \u032d\u032dt\u0357\u0357\u0343\u0352\u033d\u033b\u0319\u031ce\u0303\u036e\u0369\u0313\u0323x\u0366\u035b\u0363\u0342\u036a\u0311\u0312\u0359\u0316t\u036d\u0301\u030b\u034a\u0308\u0307\u032f\u0332,\u0366\u0307\u0343\u0342\u0349\u0323\u0339 \u0365\u034b\u0308\u030c\u030b\u0308\u0324\u0333\u0326\u0330\u034ey\u033d\u0302\u0314\u0314\u034c\u0365\u0333\u0316\u034d\u0339\u0316\u0345\u0333o\u030a\u030f\u0342\u030b\u030f\u033c\u0331\u0325\u0316u\u0307\u0311\u0308\u0364\u036e\u030e\u0323\u0317\u0332\u0332 \u036c\u0332\u032b\u034d\u033a\u0331\u031fw\u0303\u030a\u033a\u032e\u0330i\u030d\u030f\u0304\u033f\u0363\u0351\u0306m\u034b\u0306\u034a\u030a\u0303\u034cp\u033e\u0331\u0339\u0319\u0316\u0324.\u0306\u0324\u032d\u032f\u0354\u0316\u031d\u033aWhen was that, 50 years ago? Try it in 2015 and you'll instantly regret it. Elitists are the craziest, most feared dudes at my school. No one messes with this brotherhood. They won't hesitate to go -Varg- on anyone who thinks they can abuse their kin with no repercussion. Yeah, we have a rep. I've personally made kids cry by flooding their online and real lives with black metal and various genres corrections. We're the new jocks, you're the new geek.It's says, "it's jvst Zalgo Text, yov vvimp". Only the trve can read this kvlt langvage.He is afraid.Is this ASMR? Taking a drive vvith Varg ist so nice and relaxing. He shovld make more ov these.I see yov savv my post abovt VSPM bvt vve're going to start vvith ATTACKER! They are the vvere the ones vvith the absolvte povver to crvsh the vvimps vvith the original NO VVIMPS. Novv that the Falses are back and appropriating **MANOVVAR** cvltvre, it's time for [THE SECOND COMING!]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=8BakyWqXUxM)YOV MOTHERFVCKERS!&lt;Nojerk&gt; I asked him to make more videos like this. It's surprisingly relaxing. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I think that might be a general Indian thing. My friends and family all do exactly that. I've found that the more talkative ones will keep talking until you interrupt them. It doesn't matter if you're listening or not. I've tried ignoring them and completely away but they still keep talking.I actually didn't really care about what genre, they were but at least now I know if I ever encounter them again. I was more interested in his banning. It sounds like he said some really stupid things and got banned for it.No, yov've proved once again that yov're False. Stanger ist Metallica's only good albvm becavse it's proto-black metal.&lt;Nojerk&gt; It's official, **MANOWAR** has become so overused by posers that they're False. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Am I allovved to participate despite the fact that I'm permanently trvest person in existence?&gt;I complained that my post shouldn't have been deleted, and questioned the grounds of it's deletion

See, you said something stupid.I don't think it's wild conjecture at this point.The way you've been acting towards me and him, I'm pretty sure even if you did post them, it'd just be you trying to tell me he was wrong and me disagreeing while making fun of you.I mean your comment to him and to me. You're so incredibly butthurt about it that it's hard to see your arguments as legitimate. I covld jvst say I'm Dragovic and that vvovld be enovgh to vvin bvt I'm going to let [Scary Viking Man vovch for me instead.](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/3idmlm/i_am_johan_hegg_from_metal_band_amon_amarth_and/cuhch1w)It's now Christine-Chan. That's not a joke, he really calls himself Christine now.Scientists finding out that wine experts actually have no idea what they're talking about using that method except both bottles are the exact same thing but with different labels. They probably keep doing it because they just wanted to fuck with pretentious experts but they have a great excuse in that they can claim they're repeating the original experiment to check the results.No one alive has seen Motor Loa tour because to stay underground, we set each town we okay in in fire beforehand. Only the trvest of the trve stay and watch. Then they get burned and died because the buildings on fire.I think I'm a Nazi now since I agree with you. I already mentioned it to sinnFalse but this sub stopped inspiring my stories. That's why the last two have been so forced. There's only so many rants that the same jokes can inspire. I blame the new users. They're too young to be funny or interesting.I appreciate the effort but it looks like the Falses didn't get it and went back to the Tim Gary Ron jokes.That's means I'm too mainstream. I'm going to start my own site and hide all my amazing content behind a paywall. Only those worthy enough with enough kvltkoin will be able to witness me.Yov killed **MANOVVAR** yov False.&lt;Nokerk&gt; The teasing got really boring. We always teased each other before but we were more varied with our jokes and who we teased but now each post has the same joke over and over. Some posts are even just that same joke with no other content to name it relevant. I think it might be mostly directed mostly at me because most of the regulars from before left or rarely post. I think I might be the only one from before who has been doing anything memorable enough that my name gets remembered. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;BigotI've found that teenagers that don't know pit etiquette seem to be the most obnoxious. I haven't dealt with them for a long time since I've only been going to 18+ shows for the last few years but I recently went to an all ages show and it became a glaringly obvious difference from the shows I've been going to. They ended up absolutely ruining the pit by doing jumping jacks, swinging around each other until they fell down, hardcore dancing, hardcore dancing into the crowd gathered at the front, and moshing the wrong way.It's a default so that makes sense.I'm still not svre who you are. Do yov post here often?

&lt;Nojerk&gt; There's plenty of content in other subs to post here but no one seems to be interested in going to get it anymore and I've been kind of lazy recently about searching for content. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;They died and yov killed them.Am I forgetting someone? It's saintly not you. I don't think you've posted much until this week.That same show actually had a doom/stoner metal opener and the kids were moshing to them as if they were the fastest band in the world. Clearly they're doing a horrible job.That actually sounds awesome. I was thinking about doing something similar at first but I realized I messed up with recording the footage to begin with so I couldn't do it and I didn't want to go and suffocate myself again.This is vvhy I vvas asking if I vvas banned from participating. It vvas obviovs no one covld even attempt to compete vvith me. It vvovld have been better to find ovt vvhi vvas the second trvest, at least that vvovld be interesting.Considering his really questionable list of genres in a headbangers journey, I'm guessing most of this show will just be him making up genres.If it was a metal concert, I'd suggest bringing a sacrificial goat to appease the veteran metalheads but since you're going to see five finger death punch, go in full football gear. Any moshpits and headbanging that break out are more likely to be similar to a mass seizure than an actual pit so the helmet and pads should be great protection from the flailing limbs.I doubt anyone's afraid of it but I've seen wrote a few people not know it was a copypasta so they tried to call the person out for pretending to be a tough guy.His entire post history is similar to this. He's either a troll or a really sad individual.[You know he's not making a joke right?]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=UxcKh4baUT8)&lt;Nojerk&gt; I'm pretty sure he's the type of person that dismisses anything that has harsh vocals. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Don't forget Just Black Metal January.&lt;Nojerk&gt; Make sure to post this to /r/innerjerkmusicians too. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; I don't get how people here don't know if it's existence yet. Every music post here is usually an x-post from there. It's always in the title. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;This really sounds like it was recorded live. I actually wanted to make Motor Mass like this back when it was just supposed to be an EP. Also that shirt design is really cool. I might actually buy it depending on how much money I have left at the end of the month.&lt;Nojerk&gt; They did. The link is right under the link to Goatcifer in the sidebar though putting it under related subs would be a good idea too. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;He's the guy who made the documentary A Headbanger's Journey and his genealogy tree of metal has become kind of infamous for being wrong. /u/kaptain_carbon posted it later in this thread and tried to fix it up a bit but it'd be better to just start over then trying to fix that mess.&lt;Nojerk&gt; No. Too ugly. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;It's more for people who are pretty new to metal.I'm actually surprised you haven't done something like that for one of your website. It seems right up your alley.Pics first.I'm not fvll ov myself. I'm jvst a really big fan ov myself.I'm not a Blind Guardian fan so I can't help you with that but what's wrong with going in blind?

Since it's your first metal concert, I recommend wearing as many spikes as you possibly can. You have to go in looking like a steel hedgehog so the veteran metalheads will know you're a real metalhead and won't mess with you. If they do try to mess with you, attack them with your quills. That'll show everyone that you mean business and they'll leave you alone.The standard response in this sub to the first metal concert question is always something along the lines of sacrifice goats or assert your dominance.I knovv. Dadrock like paranoid doesn't belong on a list vvith Panera and SOAP.The answer he have you is not quite right. Everyone who posts on 4chan is considered a part of anonymous, not just the hackers. It's just the name the userbase came up for themselves because until recently, anonymity was forced. Everyone was forced to post with Anonymous as their name and they adopted it as an actual name rather than a placeholder for when no name is available.No. No one remembers my shitposts, not even me.I don't need to label yov False. Everything yov do screams False and that's as great a vvarning as yov can get.They banned me becavse they're afraid ov **MANOVVAR**, vvhat did they ban yov for? Excessive Falseness?&lt;Nojerk&gt; Any sub that criticizes feminism and social justice in any way is considered a hate sub to them even if they're valid criticisms. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;What's with the Poland one? Why specifically Poland? I'm pretty sure every country tells jokes about our presidents.The sub is for real stories. They're just the usual alien or cryptid encounter stories you see on most paranormal sites or the alien shows on history channel.The definition you found is still accurate. A mixtape is basically what is usually called a demo so it's original songs or remixes they made. It's musicians, mostly in the rap and hip hop scene that use the term mixtape to mean demo. They're either released online or they stand in a high traffic area and stop people passing by up give them out as CDs and usually ask for a donation.  Since you seem to be unaware, music is still being released on everything from CDs to 8tracks. Even old formats not meant for music are getting releases for example VHS and Floppy Disk.

Incidentally this looks like a great time to [plug my album] (https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com/album/motor-mass) which was just released on Floppy disk and VHS. As you can see from the link, Floppy Disks sell much better than VHS despite the fact that everyone I know claims they want the VHS.7/10 Too much guitar&gt;SJW: a term created by racist homophobes to denigrate those who aren't racist homophobes

That's actually not right at all. It was created by SJWs and use to be seen as a positive thing before it was associated with tumblrinas. Then it started being used as an insult.

I have no idea though I would guess it started more as a way to talk about someone remixes them than than completely original stuff and then the definition evolved to include demos too but that's just a guess so don't quote me on that. Also thanks for listening, I didn't expect many people to like it since it's not exactly a genre everyone likes. Originally I was going to try to get signed to Floppy Noise Records, a label dedicated to Floppy disk releases but I found VHSs and Floppy Disks in my basement so I decided on releasing it myself since I didn't really expect many people to buy it.I usually hate the guy with an acoustic guitar type music but recently I found [Lxnnie]( https://weakiediscs.bandcamp.com/album/playing-spades-with-satan-2) and loved it. I'm starting to think I didn't give the style a fair chance. Anyone know of anything similar that I might like or is this artist just the exception or me?[I wouldn't want to disappoint.]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)&lt;Nojerk&gt; I don't think that will really work. The text posts are usually the low effort posts here so you'd be encouraging them. Also leave snitch bot alone. What did he ever do to you? He's a valuable member of this community that brings the False here to continues the fun. He's done more for this sub than you. By the way who's /u/jij? &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Grindcore ist for old people vvho have to get to bed early and don't have the time to vvaste vvhat preciovs little is left ov their lives so yov missed it all. The old people are already home in bed, ready to get vp ridicvlovsly early.Doesn't the show start in an hour? That's really last minute. I'd love to go but I settled for Judas Priestess since it's cheaper.You are what's wrong with this sub.Melo pan. He takes being a weeaboo to an entirely new level. There's a bunch of pictures of him out and about town with various waifu pillows and even one of him sky diving with one.Back when Google was much less accurate, I ended up finding a forum for this type of stuff. It was full of kids who thought hey could control the elements with their mind. It was hilarious. One guy asked the forum if he could uses kinesises to do the jutsus from Naruto and they users said he could but without the ridiculous handsigns. 

They called the handsigns ridiculous without a hint of irony while telling him he could make fireballs and stuff with his mind. The owner of the website would tell everyone stories about astral projecting to a higher plane to meet jedis.She's must be queen of the neckbeards.I was expecting a link to some of the comments. I'm pretty sure /r/metalmemes is just a containment sub to keep the worst fans out of /r/metal.**MANOWAR!** Technically they're a local band for me.Andy seems like a cool gvy. Mvch cooler than yov at least.For the most part no, he probably exaggerates a bit for his videos like in this one but he has way too much stuff and spent way too much money for it to all be for a couple YouTube videos. Did you see the room he was putting the suit on in? That's in his house. Though he is rich so he might just be so ridiculously rich that he can afford to do this just for YouTube. He's at least rich enough that despite the love pillow, [he can get girls to still hang around him and wash his Ferrari.]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=FtCSVVUSE9w)This became a bit of an essay because of your last question being complicated so there's a TL;DR at the end.

VHS releases are really rare though there do seem to be enough people that think a VHS album is cool that want to buy it so it's kind of an untapped market. Floppy disks releases sell decently, and are uncommon but not rare either. I wouldn't have even attempted releasing in this format myself if I didn't happen upon the equipment when working on the album. 

Accessibility is kind of a complicated issue at this point so this might get kind of long but trust me it gets really interesting toward the end. Some treat physical releases in these odd formats more as a trophy than anything to physically listen to since everything is digital these days. Most of these releases usually come with a code to get a free digital copy too like my releases. There are those who want to listen to these releases on the format they came on so they buy or already have the equipment they need. 

Those kinds of people usually overlap with audiophiles since the way the format affects the sound matters much more to them. Then there are those purists that stick to the original reason for limited releases on obscure formats which is to keep them inaccessible. It's mostly limited to black metal, the genre my style of music takes a lot of influence fromand where it gets really interesting.

It started in the 90's as a solution to an old problem. Metal has always had a problem with fans who are only into it for the looks and bands who are only in it for the money and the 90s was particularly tough for metal due to a slew of very accessible generic tough guy metal bands inspired by Pantera. Early Black metal bands were against these kind of trendy bands and did not want to become one of them so they went to some extremes to keep those people out.

A lot of bands did things at live shows like throw real pigs head into the crowd or cut themselves on stage to scare away those that couldn't handle it. They spread rumors about themselves being in cults and interviews made themselves up as essentially what people said rock and metal was during the satanic panics of the 80s to scare away those that aren't into it enough to know they were all lies. 

They limited their releases to only a certain number of copies so they could never spread too far or make enough to sell out. One of the most prominent and influential people in the scene had some serious mental issues and thought he was a living corpse to the point he tried to bury himself alive and named himself Dead.

His illness shaped the entire image of black metal but at the height of their success he decided it was finally time to become a dead corpse instead of a living one and shot himself, leaving a suicide note that only read "excuse the mess". His fellow bandmembers kept pieces of his skull and sent them off to those they thought were worthy and took pictures of his dead body that eventually became the cover of a popular bootleg called dawn of the black hearts. Obviously don't Google that if you don't want to see a dead body.

His suicide both made black metal more well known which they didn't want and turned the scene into a literal all out war. I think it broke many of them mentally but it's hard to be sure because the lies they told became truth when they started burning down churches, the musicians started murdering each other, murdering others, two more suicides happened. 

This wave of violence finally ended when most of the scene was either dead or in jail after a really public trial of Varg, the sole member of the band Burzum who happened to be a friend of and the one that gave Dead ammo for the shotgun. The trial was full of lies by the police, media, and Varg but at the same time the bands became exactly what they didn't want to be because their labels and bootleggers started ignoring the limited release thing. 

They couldn't be stopped because of the whole being dead or in jail thing but the idea still lives on in the modern bands of the scene. It's evolved a bit thanks to the internet limited since releases don't work as well now that there's a digital copy of everything and technically infinite copies so obsolete formats have become the new preferred way to limit accessibility.

**TL;DR: VHS releases are rare. Floppy disks are uncommon but still decently popular. Inaccessibility is on purpose because murder, suicide, and arson made the scene too popular.**I am a big **MANOWAR** fan but I obviously exaggerate it quite a bit. I enjoyed that so thanks though it's not quite as similar Lxnnie as I would have liked.It seems like the Station nighclub fire repeats itself every year since that day so clearly no one is learning from it. The wikipedia article even has a listing of all those similar fires that came afterwards.I don't think /u/tokyometal would apperciate you trespassing on his territory. So are you going to correct me or just say i'm wrong? Also if you've been there for six years, wouldn't that mean you started around project Chanology? That's around when they stopped with the raids and become more about protesting isn't it? I don't think that you would be the best authority on this.No, so maybe the USA has learned or they're just don't get big enough to be as newsworthy.I hear the town of Darkthrone has really changed a lot over the years.  I think there's been a bit of a retro movement going on there right now.I meant more of the death toll being newsworthy. There are still plenty of nightclub fires that happen even in the US but they don't get quite the same coverage as the station nightclub fire because the death toll is extremely low or non existent.What is your dad's favorite **MANOWAR** album? What's your favorite **MANOWAR** album? If they're the same, have you two bonded over it? If it's different then do you two get into arguments about it? If either of you don't like **MANOWAR**, [why are you afraid of yourselves?](https://youtu.be/UvE2aEMGclM?t=5m4s)[It had to be asked.](https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3rrgdw/it_happens_to_everyone/cwqz2hy)At least you have someone to relate to.Graphics in games and CGI in general seems to have a jello and gel like quality. It's strange, older graphics seem to lack the gel/jello qualities but that might be because they were too simple to show that.They did and are pretty open about it.[This False vvovld be best friends vvith Brian Storm.](http://i.imgur.com/AgcqtVz.jpg)It was around at some point but I don't know what happened to it.You need to get pissed. He's trespassing in your territory and acting like he's the Japanese metal expert. Are you going to take that? Make a new post and show this amateur how it's done.I keep confusing this guy for Brian Storm of metal injection. Their videos have similar content, the same awful sense of humor and they even look similar. I think they might actually be the same person.He's also kind of an all around asshole and there's plenty of videos and stories supporting that so he's not well liked at all.Isn't it obvious? You are afraid! Of yourself! Of **MANOWAR**!What about metalinjection and metalsucks?NoIt's much easier with one of those gun boats. Most of the time, I didn't even bother to actually find the sharks. I just shot into the water until things stopped dying.VVas he a mel becavse he had some valid points abovt yov being inferior svbhvman scvm?I'm a provd Deadsexval and it's people like yov vvith yovr made vp sexvalities that are the reason people like me aren't taken seriovsly vvhen vve being vp ovr sexval identities. Stop oppressing me vvith yovr made vp sexval identities. Not everyone has the privilege to make one vp so check yovr privilege.No. Why watch it live when I can watch it later at my own convenience wherever it's uploaded?Tracy Morgan. Something about his style of comedy just irritates me.Me. Forever.I like the idea but I don't trust any implementation of it. Car manufacturers have already shown that they really care little for security in the computers that cars already have, I don't trust them to be able to keep them safe enough to not be easily hacked like what's already been done.Heavy metal. Usually if you show anything beyond surface level knowledge, the casual fans will start calling you an elitist.I heard screaming from my headphones once so I screamed back but they kept screaming. Then I realized I was listening to death metal and started screaming with my headphones instead of at them.A suave white British sounding guy.Deer. They're already a huge and dangerous nuisance as they are.Best not to find out. I think it'd ruin it a bit if it turned out Holy Diver was just him talking about his first experience scuba diving or something.&lt;Nojerk&gt; No joke here. After all the horrible stuff I've posted here, I thought I should share this miracle with you guys. None of them even implied anyone was elitist or downvoted anyone. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;So what's the reason why they even got onto your TV?That's a really old joke that's been around since way before /r/showerthoughts ws even a thing.British is a race?Yes. Do you know what race means?Not quite. Keeping posers out is less of an issue for me because my music is influenced musically and aesthetically by black metal but not so much lyrically. A large part of what makes black metal try so hard to keep posers out is that the lyrics can get extremely personal so the thought of a poser using their personal feelings and thoughts simply for looks understandably angers black metal artists especially since like my band, a lot of them are one man bands. It's their feelings and their feelings alone that are getting used.

My music, lyrically is more of a story that's not completely serious but not a joke either. It's not as deeply personal as black metal lyrics but not completely devoid of that personal aspect either. Having the "right" fans is important than a lot but just the sum parts of the music is enough that it's not a good band to latch on if you're only in it for the looks. 

The limited distribution at the moment is really just because that's what I had on hand. It's much more limited than what I would have liked so I will probably make a second run about the same size later on and then that'll be it. For me it's is more of that trophy aspect I mentioned before. Right now, only the "right" fans will bother to buy a physical release from such a small band on a format that would be such a problem to listen on.

It's like my version of a slightly less personal and much less morbid version of Dead's skull pieces. The music itself is available digitally to be heard by everyone and I don't mind that. That's why I didn't have much of a problem plugging it on a sub as big and public as this.Then that makes yov a racist for pvtting on yellovvface to do this.Generally all of the really popular and accessible bands that get jerked endlessly here have this same problem./u/GreatThunderOwl is right. That meanie elitist really is that dvmb. He vvon't even revievv Motor Mass, the albvm ov the centvry.I skimmed through your comment history because anyone that pissed about usernames has to have commented in that thread and I can't even get past the second page. You're comment history is the definition of impotent neckbeard rage.Come on, everyone knows Haters 2012 was the last good Haters. They sold out in 2013 and 2014 was absolute shit.Found the brony.I thought the corruption had already been obvious at that point. I remember there were already plenty of articles about game sites not being able to give a bad review because a bad review could mean they wouldn't get preview copies of games from that publisher and because they're also the advertisers on their sites.He has diabetes doesn't he?Making an alt, trying to imitate me, and then posting it here just so I'd notice you is a bit elaborate don't yov think? That time vve talked abovt hovv cvte the Norvvegian krieglords are shovld have clved yov in that I'm not into grills. I'm more ov an oven type ov gvy. Besides I'm already taken by Dead's dead body. VVait, is this for yovr hvsband? Oh Satan, are yov being cvcked by yovr hvsband!? I'm so sorry.  

A dovchebag like that doesn't deserve yov. M'lady, yov need a gentleman vvith some class. A nice gvy to vvatch the kavvaii nippon loli bands like Baby Metal vvith or at the very least a gvy that vvon't make his vvife do all the vvork ov hitting on the trvest black metaller. I'm svre yov'll find one here. In the meantime, is your husband single?

&lt;/Nojerk&gt; From his post history, this guy seems like a crappy bukkakepizza rip off with pleb tastes. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Yeah! Preach on brother \m/. All the preps at my school give me crap for liking metal and singing it everywhere I go but I don't give a fuck about any opinion from someone who's ears are just too weak to appreciate real music like Slipknot or Korn. Stay metal and keep on preaching! \mm/Sorry my mistake. Yov're right, Fire Death's Grand Citadels ov Vbiqvitovs Combvstion is the real albvm ov this centvry. The centvry that brovght vs False metalcore and nv-metal. Motor Mass is the albvm ov the millennivm.
It sounds like you're not very good at pirating things.Try Stremio. It's very similar.If you're not listening to **MANOWAR** in FLAC you're not really listening to **MANOWAR**. You're just pretending you're not afraid by cutting out the wimp scaring frequencies but you're still afraid. Of yourself! Of **MANOWAR**!Then shouldn't you just switch to a regular torrent program? Most of them are able to stream movies as they download and the programs won't be outdated.Does Dead covnt as a trap? If so then yes.Shovv vvhat yov knovv, poser. Panera ist glam. Are yov trying to say they're not real metal?Don't yov dare compare that False to Dead. Mitch didn't have a thing in common vvith Dead. Compared to the lovely Dead, he vvas an vgly orc, even by orc standards. Mitch is closer to being the Diamond Darrell ov core. Also the fact that yov vvovld make this comparison makes me think yov've been /u/manwithoutmodem in disguise all along. That completely explains yovr Falseness.[According to Forbes,]( http://www.forbes.com/sites/christophersteiner/2013/05/20/the-most-undervalued-brand-in-the-world/) It's because Hershey doesn't bother to market it at all to the point that it doesn't even have a website.It's similar enough to popcorn time that if you want, you can continue dragging magnet links into it, the same as popcorn time.He sorta vsed to in the right light bvt not so mvch anymore. Though without the skull he doesn't really look like a gvy either.History is written by the victors. Any wrong doings by the victors are ignored but every wrong of the enemy is focused on with excruciating detail. It's much easier to justify everything you've done when every account of what happened is telling you about how much of a monster the enemy was and how much of a hero you were.This ist /u/sinndogg2's favlt. He sold ovt Goatcifer.I'm kind of surprised this hasn't been posted yet even though Vlad Tepes already has been. I guess not enough people can appreciate the masterpiece that is the album art.&lt;Nojerk&gt; There is but I can't remember off the top of my head. They're all supposedly terrible at least to metalheads but maybe someone into deathcore would appreciate them. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;&lt;Nojerk&gt; I tried skimming through some of their songs. It wasn't too bad but not good enough for me to give it a more thorough listen. Something about the production really irritates me. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Shovv some goddamn respect for Dead holy shit. [Look at them side by side.](http://imgur.com/zKi1j5M) Hovv can yov even think abovt comparing Mitch Orcker to Dead?Aryan TerrorismClever. Only left handed models so the trve are the only ones that can vse them. I don't think yov're bvsiness is going to svrvive here among all these right handed posers that don't knovv trvness ist genetic. Especially some I'm probably yov're only cvstomer and I only have kvltkoin. Do yov accept kvltkoin?VVhat? VVas it the Diamond Darrell comment? I knovv it's not accvrate bvt he vvas the first one I covld think ov in that general range.If it's someone from here, it's probably one of the newer users that are a bit younger and Falser. His tastes are the same as most high school metalheads and he's even has three same reaction to False metal like referring to Slipknot as shitknot. Almost every band he's mentioned in his short history is an entry level band. It's either /u/sanityeyes or /u/real_cthulhu.Is this band trve or False? The name makes me think they're False but the music makes me think otherwise.They were calling her fatphobic, racist, and transphobic so they likely think they were actually doing something good by bullying her for something that may offend the easily offended.Any complaints about Wendy's cups? They look exactly the same as those year round, just with Wendy instead of the Starbucks logo.&lt;Nojerk&gt; It's like they couldn't decide between going for a lo-fi black metal sound or a clean and polished deathcore sound so they did both. The black metal influenced riffs remind me slightly of Marduk. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Probably better that yov didn't. Yov'd jvst vvrite some False riffs and then vve'd tvrn dovvn yovr gvitar in the mix like I did in ove very first song.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; I wish I knew how to play guitar or at least have some idea of what I was doing. Judging by how many finished songs without vocals or lyrics I have, we'd probably be on our sixth album by now. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;It was but it was only that first image of just the plush itself. Your post gives a lot more context.She probably still likes death metal but now also likes sundresses. I don't think there is one. The pig noises thing was just a part of the death metal thing. Regular death metal bands vocals are usually growls while brutal death metal and slam death metal have pig squeals for vocals. OP just doesn't know enough about metal to know that his friend was more into brutal death metal and slam death metal instead of just regular death metal.Yov don't sing metal? Did yov forget abovt [**MANOVVAR**]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=U7cc40HzcRg) or are yov too mvch ov a vvimp to handle them?Design the Skyline? Is this Architectvrecore?Great, a whole bunch more bands to add to my already lengthy list of bands I need to check out.No. Pig squeals are never used in black metal. Black metal mostly uses shrieks and snarls. The early Norwegian black metal bands had a rivalry with death metal since they thought it was a trend and did everything they could to separate themselves from it. Maybe you're confusing the terms?I deserved it for wearing a Slipknot shirt to a black metal show.I saw Toxic Holocaust live at Saint Vitus. The pit was too big to avoid without going completely out of the stage area because the place was so small. Right in front of the stage was the safest place but there was broken glass and blood all over the edge of the stage so it really wasn't that safe especially since people started getting up on stage with the band, sometimes grabbing the mic to sing, and then stage diving. It was the best show I've ever been to but also the one where I got the most hurt. I don't think bigotry was really involved in this. They were bullying her because they thought she was a bigot under their very warped sense of what a bigot is.It was a knife to the back.It seems like more and more articles like this are being getting written. It's always by someone who knows very little about black metal and always pandering to the social justice crowd. Luckily they're always laughed at but I can't help but feel their volume will going to reach a point where they'll show up whenever someone searches for black metal and their wrong information will become one of those common misconceptions that people new to metal will argue is True.Nani the fuck did you just fucking iimasu about watashi, you chiisai bitch desuka? Watashi\u2019ll have anata know that watashi graduated top of my class in Nihongo 3, and watashi\u2019ve been involved in iroirona Nihongo tutoring sessions, and watashi have over sanbyaku perfect test scores. Watashi am trained in kanji, and watashi is the top letter writer in all of southern California. Anata are nothing to watashi but just another weaboo. Watashi will korosu anata the fuck out with vocabulary the likes of which has never been mimasu\u2019d before on this continent, mark watashino fucking words. Anata thinks anata can get away with hanashimasing that kuso to watashi over the intaaneto? Omou again, fucker. As we hanashimasu, watashi am contacting watashino secret netto of otakus across the USA, and anatano IP is being traced right now so you better junbishimasu for the ame, ujimushi. The ame that korosu\u2019s the pathetic chiisai thing anata calls anatano life. You\u2019re fucking shinimashita\u2019d, akachan.It goes through your history and posts anything that starts with "I", " I've " or a similar word so you just haven't been saying those enough.

I really should start playing Fallout 4. It's taking up a lot of space on my hard drive. Do I you think I'd miss out on a lot if I haven't played any of the Fallout games?I've always wondered what these guys would do if they ever managed to get a girlfriend. Would they build a shrine to her like they do for their waifu or do they treat their relationship with their waifu different from a real relationship? [YOUR OC IS SHIT COMPARED TO MINE!]( http://i.imgur.com/maBgtH7.png)This is more sad than cringe. She's clearly mentally ill and needs help badly. I wonder if there's a tales from the mailman type subreddit since it seems the mentally ill seem to have something against them so there should be some good stories.Most of fatpeoplehate was actually fat or use to be fat.Despite the name there's only two games in the series and they're not really connected in any way.There was a survey of the users back when the sub was still around and it turned out most of the sub was fat, formerly fat, and women.They're not that bad but there's a bit of history behind why people like to make fun of them to the level they do. It started from when Nickleback joined roadrunner records in the late 90's when it was known mostly for death and thrash metal. Metalheads started making fun of them because they were a non-metal band on a mostly metal label. 

Along with the fact that since the internet wasn't as widespread as it is today, people tended to trust labels known for good releases so quite a few metalheads probably brought home a Nickleback CD expecting some death or thrash metal. Then Brian Poeshn, a metalhead comedian told a Nickleback joke on some TV show that was on comedy central back in the early 2000's. 

That specific joke became part of the promos that were played a lot and eventually everyone started telling that joke and basically simplified it to just Nickleback sucks.I might be though I only went on fatpeoplehate when the sub was still new and kind of small.Fovnd the False. Only gay ist trve. Being straight ist for Falses, jvst ask Gaahl.It's a flashlight that makes your penis grow. Trust me, I bought one and wherever I grasp the firm throbbing handle of my G700 Flashlight, my penis goes from a puny two inches to a whopping twelve inches. Now when a girl asks me if that's a flashlight in my pants or if I'm just happy to see her, I whip out my G700 Flashlight and dazzle her with it's girth and 700 lumen strobing feature before making love to her under the light of my G700. Some girls can't handle having a flashlight in their face during sex. Those girls are not worth your time OP. $56 is a steal for something this amazing. Get off reddit and go buy it! NOW!

Really It's just a scam. The flashlights are very cheap and weak flashlights being sold at a huge markup. [There's some clickbait to go along with it.] ( http://www.thedailylife.com/shocking-images-exposed?utm_source=cpc&amp;utm_medium=cpc&amp;utm_campaign=g700) That's one of many exaggerating it's brightness. There's some that claim it's strobe can disable people and blind bears. Of course it's not even close to bright enough to do that. The actual flashlight sells for around ten to fifteen dollars and has nothing to do with the National gun association as many spam emails claim.No. Bring bi ist Falsest ov all becavse yov can't commit to one and stick vvith it.He's not wrong. Heavy metal is life but that's no reason to be so cringey about it.That still makes yov a gvy and therefore it's still gay. Besides, that vvas jvst some friendly flirting, the kind all gvys do vvith each other. Do yov not flirt vvith and kiss yovr gvy friends or do traps only hang ovt vvith vvomen? I'm not really interested in yov. Yov're too feminine.It's from a gay porno called spider sex where two guys have sex in spiderman costumes. You'll have to find a link on your own if you want to see it. I don't need that in my history.Computer radiation sounds like something a parent would tell their child to try to get them to use the computer less. It's also pure bullshit and in top of that it's old bullshit too. When people talk about computer radiation, they mean non-ionizing electromagnetic radiation. A lot of the misinformation comes from back when electronics were still a new thing and people were wary of them along with not understanding then. 

All those old myths have been disproven many times and it has been shown that the electromagnetic field from electronics have no affect on your health. They probably can't about because when people think of radiation they usually only think of the kind that mutates you but there's two kinds, ionizing and non-ionizing. Ionizing radiation is as the name suggests radiation that can ionize molecules which is when it removes electrons. Non-ionizing radiation which is what is emitted by consumer electronics is not strong enough to ionize molecules. 

Non ionizing Electromagnetic radiation can harm you but that's at very high levels and it works by heating the tissue. Your microwave uses electromagnetic radiation at this level to heat up food and as you can probably tell if you've ever watched it, you'd realize pretty quickly if it was at that level. The electromagnetic radiation from your PC doesn't reach further than a few inches and not at a level that can really affect you.There is /r/metalgate but I don't know anyone who takes it seriously enough to actually do anything about it.I can't tell who's worse, the SJW's that write articles about metal being sexist and racist or these guys that take them seriously.You can ignore most of them since it's usually teenagers that say stuff like that and there's no reason to take teenagers seriously.I don't think she's saying she wants to be a mascot for Fakku. I think she's making a tsundere joke while cosplaying as the sites mascot.What's with the cheeseburger? Is it supposed to be a reason to not be bored?/r/incest seems like a good place.You can get custom body pillow covers with whatever image you want printed on them.That picture doesn't look like child porn or really any kind of porn. It just looks like every other generic anime cover. I think she has a pretty dirty mind if she saw that and thought the instruments were penises.Have you tried it?MeOff key iron maidenesque wails.Nothing. I don't need to do anything to win that award. I'd win by virtue of me being me.That one guy needs extra supervision.Drone Racing.Why would they remove the best candy?

The old NSA spying on everything you do conspiracy has become a lot more believable in the last few years.It doesn't say Dragovic or have my picture.What does me not liking a type of punk have to do with anything?I'm not attracted to Falses bvt I can handle a trve man. Do yov knovv one? Why does a wolf have a cat? Shouldn't they have a dog?
This guy is just a lonely guy using this as a way to force people to talk to him through the rewards isn't it?Shouldn't he be a wizard by now?Nobody tells a man hovv to play, it jvst ain't that vvay.
Hey, hey, hey, can yov hear me say. All men play on ten, never gonna tvrn dovvn again.That's hovv selling ovt vvorks. It starts vvith small things and then slovvly they get bigger vntil yov're vvearing trendy clothes, listening to p(o)op, and having sex vvith vvomen instead ov other trve men. Trves like me don't sell ovt by getting a job and having money. VVe svstain ovrselves on permafrost and from the grim and frostbitten forests vvhere vve live and drink the blood ov the goats from any nearby farms in the night. Fvn fact, the chvpacabra is actvally trves like me having a midnight snack. This is what got you to question my sexuality? I've said much more questionable things like that period where all my stories involved crossdressing and necrophilia involving both Dead and women. If it wasn't obvious, I'm clearly a necrosexual. What did you think my sexuality was?**MANOVVAR** are not men. They are  immortals and gods. They can tell a man hovv to play becavse their vvay is the only correct vvay.Who's **MANOVVAR**? You guys are mentioning then like I should know them.There's no CSS tricks needed anymore. There's a button underneath posts for subs that you're a mod of that lets you sticky it and now you can sticky up to two posts at a time. You probably don't see them because they're very rarely needed and if you do go to a sub that uses them, you won't see the sticky unless you're browsing the hot posts. Also sometimes you won't recognize them due to the CSS for example, in this sub the two stickied posts right now look pretty similar to the regular posts other than the fact that they're bolded.It seems like choosing to be a vegan requires you to lose all self awareness first.Degeneracy? It's trveness. VVhat's more kvlt than sex vvith the dead? What did you expect from a power metal band? They're basically all LARPers.MetallicaAfter they not only let SJWs hold an event to rewrite articles to fit their ideologies but approved of it, I'm not interested in supporting them.At least he's actually wearing the fedora hire it should be with, with a suit instead of a T-shirt and shorts.Probably lie about a bunch of mod drama that eventually resulted in my ban. It probably helps that I keep getting confused for a mod on my favorite sub.Wear a fedoraPineapple on pizza. It's my favorite pizza topping now.Can I still ask for a reach around?"You're just an elitist who hates anything that you think isn't metal enough." He was trying to argue that hardcore punk wasn't a subgenre of punk but instead a subgenre of metal.MeHe also released a heavy metal album at the age of ninety two.A ketchup sandwich.Try to predict which family members will be dead when you open it.Bronies are scum and you should take those downvotes with pride.Name it Dragovic.Even without the neighemed part I would have guessed bronies. All that just sounds like stuff they do normally.I probably should have clicked OPs link too since there's no stickied comments in his link. That's not a stickied comment. That's a mod using the distinguishing feature.You sure that's a guy? It looks like a girl trying to sell a bunch of her used panties like every other girl selling on those subs so she can make some extra money.Since everyone else is doing it, [Vnholy Loa.]( https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com)You must be a big fan. The guy who made it posted it to this sub a little while ago. You should talk to him, I'm sure you'd be great friends.I'm afraid. I'm very afraid. I'm so afraid that i can't sleep because **MANOWAR** might get me in the night and when i can sleep, I have horrible nightmares about **MANOWAR** telling me to leave the hall. Why do you think I keep spamming **MANOWAR**?  It's because they're like a reverse beetlejuice. The more you say their name, the further they stay away.Did he keep it or throw out back in the dumpster?Red PaperclipIt's rule34 of Splatoon.It's not quite CP but it's very close. Why it exists is pretty easy to understand because of rule 34 and some people find underage girls attractive.That entire post is /r/metalmemes condensed onto one page. Even the comments are basically the same. There just needs to be more complaining about elitism where there isn't any elitism. Then sprinkle a couple "FUCK METALCORE"s in and it'll be a perfect clone.No. I wanted to post [some sexy music for sexy people](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wtx1aBXNEgI) but then I realized the only sexy ones here were me and /u/sinndogg2. The rest of you look like shit and I thought you should know.I never figured you for a pegboy but I guess that makes sense.Too high. Higher than ten and yov're a poser trying too hard.I think the ponies are a huge red flag that this guy would probably be more of a liability than an asset since he can't keep it to himself.Damn baby, you so fine. You flauntin it and everythin. Now lets see that ass. 

You look much better than your older pictures. Going to the gym really helped though you don't really look like Jack Black anymore. If we're going to be a couple, I really need to start going to the gym. A fit guy with a chubby guy, just looks weird. Besides, people keep telling me I have the genes and frame to be a body builder so I really should at the very least get in shape. Any advice for getting started?&lt;Nojerk&gt; That was so nerdy. I understood very little of that. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;That sub is the sketchiest sub I've ever seen. Half the posts seem to point to forum posts and I wouldn't be surprised if all the subscribers there were also subscribed to /r/conspiracy. I would not take anything from that sub seriously.I think a urine enema would be more of a fetish thing than a health thing.What show is this? It looks really interesting.You are delusional OP because [I'm the next big thing in EDM.](https://soundcloud.com/vnholy-loa/kvlt-party-tonight?in=vnholy-loa/sets/lord-ov-the-nightclvb)If you're wondering about the downvotes, it's because no one likes bronies.Too tranqvil. Only Falses are this tranqvil. The trve are constantly enraged dve to Falses existing in the vvorld.This False ist afraid ov **MANOVVAR**. VVhy else vvovld he not be able to take **MANOVVAR** seriovsly? **MANOVVAR** ist the most seriovs band in existence. They have no sense ov hvmor.Are they cucks because they're liberal or liberals because they're cucks?This person wishes they were interesting enough to come up with this but [instead they just inserted themselves into a YouTube prank.]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=5_pKKO35Kh4)TIL offspring is metal.That's not a knight. The safety equipment just happens to look like a knight's armor.Your right. I forgot I was on mobile when I looked at the link so I couldn't see the CSS. It's a CSS thing like someone else mentioned.I didn't even notice that. This seems like one of the worst places to shill his sub though.Gossip girl has gotten a lot more interesting since the last time I saw it.&gt;Manowar is in my sight  
I tried to run, but slipped on soap  
They grabbed my as and fucked me tight like whore  
Used soap instead of Vaseline, so now I became a biggest fan   

They are not afraid, at least not anymore.That's not that much of an exaggeration. Besides the posts that just link to other posts on the sub which actually do make up the majority, quite a few link to obscure forums that make the sub look really sketchy. More importantly, all the links to other posts in the sub makes it look like it was written by a bot. I thought the sub had been over run by spam until I stopped and read one of those spam posts carefully. I didn't say it was a conspiracy. I said the same type of people that subscribe to this sub are likely the same type of people that subscribe to /r/conspiracy. By that I mean, the stereotypical, insane ranting by people reinterpreting evidence to fit their ideas, or sometimes just flat out making up evidence from their lack of understanding.He's talking about metalcore. It's a mixture of hardcore punk and heavy metal with most bands leaning more towards the hardcore side though in recent years it's become more of a mixture of hardcore punk and melodic death metal. There's no direct emo influence but back when emo was more popular people who didn't listen to any heavier music called everything that didn't have clean vocals emo and younger metalheads like to call it emo as an insult. Now metalcore is an insult in of itself.What bands were they? I wouldn't trust a site about emo music to correctly identify metal. I have a feeling they were all metalcore bands. Metalcore is a subgenre of hardcore punk where some bands can crossover into metal territory so it's easy to mistake them for one or the other if you're not familiar with at least one of those genres.It also needs a gimmick like vikings or pirates.This ist jvst afro noise. Yov'll never get anyvvhere in the metal vvorld like this. Don't vvorry, vve've knovvn each other long enovgh that I'm vvilling to help yov ovt. I'll let yovr amatevrish band do a split vvith the vndergrovnd legends ov metal, Motor Loa. Everyone vvill probably jvst skip over yovr tracks to get to mine bvt think abovt the fevv vvho aren't paying attention and actvally listen to yov. Ovt of that small amovnt, maybe a fevv vvill even like yovr stvff enovgh to bother checking ovt the rest ov yovr stvff.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; What do you say? I think it'd be fun. [By the way I trying to imitate your speed metal style redently and this is what I got.](https://soundcloud.com/vnholy-loa/new-unamed-for-reviewe) &lt;/Nojerk&gt;It's wikipedia. There's a reason, schools and universities don't let you cite it.Both yov Falses are vvrong. Pop a Blvnt ist a stoner metal band like Distrvrbed.Not the response I was expecting from someone named unclegrandpa. It has none of the 'LOL so random" of the show.No but I'm kind of surprised I've never written any copypasta like this. It sounds like the Shrek copypasta adapted to **MANOWAR**.Yep. That's a metalcore band and not even one of the ones that skirt the line between metal and punk.
You're confusing his Wintersun copypasta with that really old post about that guy raping some False in Glen Benton's name or something like that.[All Men Play on Ten](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KYoeUh_MPZM) by **MANOWAR**.That's hardcore dancing. That's a punk thing.It looks like they took the time to pose the kids like this. That's kind of creepy even if this was taken by a parent.It's a pretty standard feminist thinkong nowadays.Feminists have been saying this type of stuff since at least the 70s. After forty years of this kind of stuff, I think it's safe to say it's standard.I'm pretty sure when anyone says feminism these days, they're talking about third wave. It's kind of hard to find anything crazy about the first two waves.It looks sort of looks like buzzwords mad libs. There's no point in doing this. My point are the exact same as /u/ded-reckoning and you keep denying everything. He's shown you proof and you dismissed it. I never said your sub was like /r/conspiracy. I was saying, the users were the same types of individual that would subscribe to /r/conspiracy. I'm not going to post there. The whole point of you spamming a sub like you're doing is to get people to go there so you can have some activity. I'm not going to give you exactly what you want.No. New words keep getting invented and new instruments will be used to play the same beats again which will make them sound pretty different.Dragovic AKA God-King Dragovic AKA  The legendary Dragovic AKA Ultimate Black Metaller Dragovic AKA The saviour of metal.Jon Mikl Thor. He's a bodybuilder that became started a band and became a heavy metal god. Stan Lee himself told him that he's more Thor than Thor himself and was supposed to play him on a Thor movie that never happened back in the 80s.I was more thinking about how sometimes artists sometimes take parts of other songs and incorporate them into other songs like how recently Foo Fighters took the main riff from Dio's Holy Diver, changed the pitch a bit and incorporated it into one of their songs.[Here's the Foo Fighters song]( https://youtu.be/Y3B0Vx_yQgo) and [here's Holy Diver.]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkysjcs5vFU)Welcome to the internet. There's a thing called rule 34. You should Google it.Triggered wimps and posers, leave the hall. I didn't get banned specifically because of the song. You get banned for posting anything at all. Posting MANOWAR is just what I did.I meant that his arguments are the same ones that I'm going to make which is that your sources are untrustworthy. It's funny that you mention threadjacking when that's exactly what you did. You posted about your sub in reply to op and then for each person that replied to op. These wimps don't know **MANOWAR** so there's no need to mention them.I think yov mean ABBAth.No. If you post anything to a sub that the mods of /r/offmychest don't like, they ban you regardless of the content of your post.No. Dio's been dead for five years and when he was alive he wasn't the kind of guy that would sue for this. Also i don't think Foo Fighters copied enough for them to be sued since considering how much Dio's legacy has made them and is still making them, I'm sure they would have sued before every metalhead could even begin to start pointing it out. Besides, artists do this type of thing all the time and I have yet to hear about anyone getting sued.This isn't normal for India.Since he likely has some shirts and CDs of Metallica, you might want to try for some of the other licensed stuff. They have a gifts section on their website. It's probably best to look there. There's a lot of things so I'm sure you can find something that intersects with one of his other interests like comics or drinking. Depending on how close you are, you might be able to get away with just giving him a Metallica gift certificate so he can decide for himself what he wants.Try Steel Scream. They're essentially Estonian early Metallica.Nightwish? OP you took off your fedora for this pic didn't you?I'm Indian and my family who live in Indian live in those provinces cut off from the rest of the world. It's actually goes a bit further than them being cut off from the world. Having internet in places that aren't a decent sized city is rare and even if you do have it outside of a city, the speed is incredibly slow usually isn't faster than dialup. To use Internet with decent speed, I had to stand on the corner of a street with a bunch of other people near some guys house that didn't bother to put a password on his WiFi and since it was winter, it was freezing but there were people standing out there who were downloading movies like this.

Having a TV is also rare so the newspaper and word of mouth is still how many of them get their news so for the most part they're kind of cut off from the rest of India too though they seem pretty normal to me at least compared to Indians in America. They just seem uneducated and poor. Still, this is not normal even for them.Spelling elitist[Here's the source] ( http://satanen.deviantart.com/gallery/6497910/COMIC-For-You-Satan?offset=0) in case anyone wants to read the rest of the series.I don't think being picky about content is a good idea considering how often something gets posted here.He's a well known Japanese author who is one of the top sellers there and has a bit of a name outside it too. Someone who worked at the school library he use to go to as a teenager gave a newspaper a list of all the books that he checked out. The newspaper ran a story about it to show all of his influences and included a picture of one of those library cards you fill out in the back of the book with Haruki's name along with the name of every other student that checked out that book before and after him. 

They didn't censor any of the other names that appeared on the card and now there are complaints from librarians about it because they say it's an invasion of privacy of both the author and the students who's name are on the card because the books a person checks out should be private because some of the books a person reads, they might want to keep private. 

For example one of the books Haruki checked out was about a housewife who becomes a prostitute to find sexual satisfaction. The school apologized for the information leak but newspaper refused to apologize to Haruki because they felt it was in the public interest to know what he read as a teenager. I don't know anything about anyone buying up all his books. I'm sure someone else will have the answer but I'm guessing it has to do with the newspaper refusal to apologize.Someone might have bought this. I feel like it could work as a neckbeard deterrent for girls.&lt;Nojerk&gt; I was searching for something else and it showed up as one of the results. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;No. They vvear pavvs.To bvrned and died the False, yov need to go to them becavse they've learned not to entry the hall.Best toppingPerky Cinnablunts. That sounds like the name of a stoner porn star.Look closer, it's not Cloud's sword. What happened? Did you just get lazy or was could you just not come up with stuff for a split?

For some reason, everything a try with this style ends up sounding like an intro. This was the first thing that I thought didn't sound as introish.My masterpiece was made last year at the tender young age of twenty two for /r/metaljerk. [I even revolutionized EDM second time.]( https://m.soundcloud.com/vnholy-loa/skelophile) I don't know what it is about EDM but it seems to inspire me to only write lyrics about necrophilia.I didn't find any reaction by him but he's kind of private so it's likely he won't make his reaction public.The lyrics are just jokes but this was an earnest attempt at making some good EDM but I had and still have no idea what I'm doing so this was the best I could come up with at the time. [I've gotten a little better at making music]( https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com/album/motor-mass) though the lyrics are still not quite serious but less circlejerky and the whole VHS and Floppy disk thing on there is where most of that circlejerking went. 

Metaljerk has a bunch of jerk bands after me and a couple other users made [the very first jerk band, Goatcifer]( https://goatcifer.bandcamp.com/album/vnhellige-falsk-d-d) The guitarist of Goatcifer started an acoustic black metal side project and I decided to one up him by starting my own side project using only rubber bands and my shoes. After a while of one upping each other, he got really drunk and made a "blackened rap" song so to one up him, I made an "blackened EDM" which is what that first song is from.At least you're anonymous.To be fair, the character she's cosplaying as really should know trigger discipline so in this having good trigger discipline is just being a good cosplayer.Nope. This girl just identifies with him because they look so similar.It's even more effort for me. I have to program everything though I'd probably just end up finishing some songs that I didn't have any vocals and lyrics for yet. I get it though, it's not as fun when you have a deadline or something to meet.&lt;Nojerk&gt; It's the furries. They disgust everyone though the oreo ice cream isn't making anything better. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;[TIL, I probably wrote the theme to a 90s sitcom.](https://soundcloud.com/vnholy-loa/plaguebearer-of-loa)There's no hope for KYM. Bronyism ist terminal. There's no cvre. It's best to jvst pvt it ovt ov it's misery before it svffers too mvch.It's svffering from bronyism. Didn't I jvst say that bronyism ist terminal and there's no cvre? Once yov have bronyism, yov have it for life. Even if yov stop liking ponies, yov're still a brony. All yov can do is hide the symptoms bvt a lack ov symptoms doesn't mean yov're cvred. KYM had bronies at one point therefore it's now and alvvays vvill be svffering from bronyism. It needs to be pvt ovt ov it's misery.Considering all the deaths in the series, resurrections and the fact that it's about a man that keeps dying and coming back to life, if they're confused about death this wasn't the episode that caused it.Do yov mean that the svb has become so False that removing my infinite trveness vvill vvon't change anything?Hasn't that alvvays been the theme?Math ist for Falses. The only math yov need ist I'm trver than any ov yov can even hope to be.I pvt them in my carry on last time and they didn't say anything bvt vvhen I decided to vse then in the airplane bathroom, they had to land the plane becavse they thovght it vvas a trve attack dve to ask the bvrneding and dieding.

Don't vvorry, /u/thisistheperfectname informed me ov the strange non-mel tradition ov vacation slides. I'll make svre to have a proper presentation this time.There's nothing cringey about this. Everyone knows Cory in the house is for plebs. Seinfeld is and always will be the best anime.It's been like that for a while. From the URLs, it looks like some of them were even posted in the middle of jerking off.I didn't notice yov even took a break since yov're so insignificant.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; I seriously didn't notice you taking a break. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Yov managed to find the trvest vveeaboo ever. Qvick pvt a ring on him.I'm svre he vvill. It's the only chance he has. VVithovt the oppressive force that ist my trveness arovnd, he can actvally become the svpreme rvler ov this svb. At least vntil I get back.Hunting is necessary to cull the population of certain animals. Some animals like deer tend to overpopulate and become a danger to humans, themselves, and the nearby ecosystem due to having no natural predators in the area. It looks like it was taken inside a building./u/Xodium, who originally posted it to Reddit over in /r/shittykickstarters gave a pretty good breakdown of why this is probably a scam.

&gt; I can't fully debunk absolutely every single thing they've promised, but I an debunk enough that should give anyone cause for alarm:

&gt;The stretch goals

&gt;They've changed them since the campaign was introduced, but initially, the tiers were such that 25k (the goal) was for "survival", even thought the selectable perks were basically to preorder the shoes in the first place. In order to actually GET anything out of the campaign, they had to hit 250k in stretch goals. Otherwise? Nothing. They've since changed them, but initially it looked sketch.

&gt;Flex funding

&gt;This tells anyone in their right mind that they're out for money and not necessarily out to deliver a product. There are very few cases in which flex funding is acceptable, this is not one of them. Either they've already got the means to produce these shoes (unlikely) or they're just hoping people are dumb enough to give them money and they'll get it even if they can't deliver.

&gt;The notion of a flexible display

&gt;Something to keep in mind is that flexible displays aren't even commercially available for this sort of implementation. Samsung and LG have made them, but only in static implementations (not actually able to be actively flexed), and LG has only made flexible E-Paper displays, not IPS or OLED. Samsung has OLED, but again, it is only static and not very durable.

&gt;[(See here.)]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flexible_display)

&gt;The tech exists*, but only in labs. If LG or Samsung hasn't released their own devices with these flexible displays, they certainly aren't going to release them to some guy on IGG who raised $250k.

&gt;*Also, they state they're using e-ink/e-paper tech. Neither technology works as they say it does in the video. e-ink has an atrocious refresh rate, so the type of motion they're saying you can do simply isn't possible. It's a big lie.

&gt;The battery life

&gt;Even if we assume that ShiftWear could pull off putting a display on your shoe (after infiltrating Samsung's labs and stealing their prototypes) and doing so without a massive hit to durability, the battery life estimates are a bit lofty. They claim 30 days displaying full-HD images, but that simply won't work, even if they had a method to generate electricity using motion. There simply isn't enough motion there to generate enough energy to offset the battery loss. Hell, if there were, people would be buying stuff with this kinda tech to give their phones infinite runtime. But they're not.

&gt;Furthermore, there's the inconsistency again: They say they're using E-ink (oh, if you put an image on the e-ink display it'll stay there forever!) but then they say they're using displays capable of full HD images inmotion. You can't mesh these two technologies. It doesn't exist, simply put.

&gt;The long and short of this is that ShiftWear may be an actual product that releases. But I'd bet dollars to donuts that if it DOES ship, it'll be heavily compromised and not at all what they're promising in the renders. Also, notice there's absolutely no prototype--at least when Solar Roadways pitched their campaign they had a demonstration that showed it was at least semi-plausible; ShiftWear has no such thing, and they're claiming to have tech that either doesn't exist or only exists in labs.[RIP Diamond Darrell](http://imgur.com/ADSbETv)Are you sure he left his family and not that his family left him?[I thought you were joking but then it actually happened.]( http://i.imgur.com/9XSok3M.png)That better be mountain dew salsa.A good reason not to update it would be that you don't know what they're going to do with it. Quite a few people people like to run homebrew on their consoles and updating would force them to either buy a new console or wait and hope the version you updated to will be usable for homebrew. Plus, having finger prints on it and open packaging will make your gift look used.It's circlejerking. My comment was just a bunch of /r/metaljerk jokes strung together and so was his.Since the Nazi mods have managed to program Nazi ideologies into Automod, I had to leave out that this is for fans of: NO WIMPS, Poser Racism, False Hatred. It's also ab X-Post from /r/InnerJerkMusicians.Did yov jvst realize hovv vveak yovr svbmissions are compared to this?Yov sold ovt vvay before yov retired thovgh. VVhat's the point in retiring novv? 
It's been a long time since I've seen yov afraid since yov're too afraid to entry. I forgot hovv False some ov the things yov say are vvhen yov're afraid ov yovrself. I'm pretty svre yov already had the vrge to save lives thovgh. Also, believe me I've tried to end the vvaking nightmare ov yovr Falseness before bvt yov're too afraid to entry enovgh for me to finish the job.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; I've figured nothing out. I still have no idea what I'm doing and probably couldn't do anything similar if I tried. Also does it really have a Judas Priest vibe to you? I didn't notice any but I haven't listened to much of their more hard rockish stuff either. I was mostly joking about the Judas Priest thing. I did try to copy them for that one song but I managed to fail spectacularly. If their wasn't such a limited quantity I'd send you one free. Maybe if I ever have to do a second run, I'll send you one. The VHSs are just some old blanks that I found in my basement and recorded on them using a DVD VHS player combo I also found in my basement.That sovnds like a yes.I'd click on this just because of the title and artwork but more in the same way people click on grindcore bands with offensive song names and art. I expect something really cringey or funny. This is essentially the same as that but he decided he wanted to avoid that kind of stuff. The jerk is supposed to be that he didn't listen to the music to determine if he liked it but  I think judging by the artwork and theme is a valid way of determining if you like something.That's a good qvestion. I dovbt yov'll get an ansvver thovgh. It's a mystery as old as the trveness itself.You mean breathing privilege right? Fucking privilege is something else entirely.&lt;Nojerk&gt; It's a Japanese honorific for someone above you or your senior such as an upperclassmen or someone at work who's been there longer. Kouhai is the opposite which is someone your junior like an underclassmen or the new guy at work. It's used a lot in anime, especially the school related ones where someone, usually a girl is in love with an upperclassmen who is oblivious to her existence or her trying love. It's where the whole "senpai notice me" thing came from. Naturally weeaboos love to mix in Japanese words they learned from anime into normal conversation and senpai is a common one since its common in the type of anime weeaboos are known for. Since weeaboos are on the same cringey level of furries and bronies, someone using senpai can be seen as really cringey if it's not an obvious joke.&lt;/Nojerk&gt;Aren't those gvys playing the instrvments the band that vse to play vvith baby metal live before the girl from the ring took over every instrvment? Does this mean Ghost is novv a svpergrovp?They're basically just like 3D-TVs when they were first introduced. It's new technology that's everywhere simply because it's new. The idea behind them is that they're supposed to be like movie theater screens which are curved so there is no image warping and feel immersive but the problem is those concepts are only noticeable at those large sizes and distances. On a computer monitor those benefits are almost non-existent. They're some noticeable difference on large tv's but even then it's still very little and definitely not worth the extra price. It's only beneficial on extremely large tv's which only the rich will have the space and money for.I'm not a christian yov False. I'm a Kristian. I vvorship Kristian Vikernes a.k.a Varg bvt I vvovldn't expect someone a False as yov to even knovv svch a trve religion even exists.Great timing kapt. I'm seeing them tomorrow and I completely forgot to check out anything by them. I'm guessing this is a good place to start.Two days ago I released my very first full length album [Motor Mass]( https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com/album/motor-mass) digitally, on VHS, and on 3.5 inch floppy. I want to say the genre is rock but after some of the comments I've gotten, I'm not so sure. I've been told it sounds like Swans and Judas Priest's more hard rock stuff. To make it even more confusing, most of the album I was trying to imitate the thrash metal band Deathhammer and then other songs I was trying to imitate some of the slower songs by the black metal band Marduk but I just don't have the skill or knowledge to properly pull off an imitation of either of those bands.It's 9gag. There's a good chance the poster is too young to get a job.That was alright but now I regret skipping seeing Pentagram to see them.Maybe you could explain it to me then. It just sounds like he sped up the song. VVhat is this Falseness? There aren't even any gvitars. This is the type ov Falseness /u/Lord_Dusk vvovld make. I thovght I vvovld be happy seeing more Falses competing vvith me after the grand bvrneding and dieding ov Falses vvho thovght they covld oppose me in /r/innerjerkmvsicians bvt this is terrible. It's so False that people vvovld start saying I'm bvllying little kids if I bvrned and died yov.

&lt;Nojerk&gt; It really is nice to see more contributors to /r/innerjerkmusicians after some of the biggest contributors left. Hopefully there'll still be more since the barrier to entry is so low from it being filled with rubber bands and shoe drums from the start. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Did yov jvst try to claim the premade loops that come on a keyboard as yovr ovvn? That's Falser than False. Even a False can make original Falseness bvt yov vvere too False to even come vp vvith yovr ovvn Falseness.I think there's a couple but the only one I can think of off the top of my head is Detective 27 by Geezer Butler of Black Sabbath's side project, G/Z/R.That's too bad. This was one of the worst weeks for you to miss it since Motor Mass, the greatest album ever was released this week. Make sure you add it to next week's post.It makes you a nerd to not wear them because it shows that you don't go to enough concerts to need them sop you barely support your local scene.Surprisingly Mexico has is beat for fat though but I'm sure we can catch up.You interviewed some unknown dungeon synth False but not me, this generations saviour of metal? Bands are paying you to do interviews aren't they? You've sold out Kapt. Pretty soon you'll be interviewing Kanye West and trying to act like you didn't do it because he paid you.So they're only going to release the albums where Phil ruined the band and none of their early greatness? What's the point of that? I can't imagine the backwoods incest loving rednecks that enjoy those albums have much money.It's a svb vvhere a bvnch of posers try to pretend they're trver than me to try to get my attention becavse they vvorship every little thing I do. So far this little kvlt ov mine's been a real savsagefest. VVovld yov like to be ignored by me too? Ignoring a grill vvovld be a nice change ov pace.It's the thing yov vse to make yovr poser mvsic.Homosexval acts are pretty trve becavse Gaahl bvt friends are for Falses.  Only misanthropy ist trve. Besides hovv can I be friends vvith yov faceless kvlt member? I can't even tell yov apart from anyone else in this svb.Like I said, all yov faceless kvlt members look the same to me. Everything yov do ist still False in comparison to my trvness.I feel like there was no point it getting Corey to do the Fisher King's roar because it was so edited and distorted that it became the same generic scream that happens when you add a lot of distortion to any voice. They literally could have just had an intern do it and gotten the same result though considering that Corey's scream wouldn't fit without a lot of distortion and editing anyway, it's not surprising that's what happened. They really should have gotten an actual metal vocalist with a less human sounding scream to do it. It would have given the Fisher King a more distinctive roar but I guess getting someone well known with an already huge fanbase was a better decision marketingwise. Still they could have at least let some of Corey's voice shine through.They didn't play it when I saw them last year but maybe they added it to their set list this year.You've made me realIze that I've unintentionally stayed away from every shirt with a back besides two shirts with tour dates. It seems like the  bigger bands are the ones most likely to include a back which makes sense since it costs more money to print double sided shirts. I feel like it's because whoever is designing the band shirt doesn't really know what to put on the back so they go with text since the back is likely to be covered up by jackets or long hair but they don't really have anything to say so they put on some metal culture related message or some edgy attention getting thing.Phil made it into a crappy though guy groove metal. They were only good when they played hair metal.
&gt;coffeehouse hotspots

&gt; malicious actors

I see what you did there.&gt;I think that people on r/metaljerk disliked my comments. 

I think it was only one user that was actually offended by it. Everything else dismissed you as the edgy kid you are.

&gt; I never said nigger, though. 

You just said it.Solid advice that I see yov've been taking yovrself lately bvt it's vseless. No matter hovv mvch yov lvrk or chvg, yov'll never even begin to be as trve as me.[That's what Corey Taylor says and does on Doctor Who extra]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=sKwSbhqZhFY) but the audio guys made it so generic sounding that there's no way to prove that recording actually made it into the final take.It's understandable you didn't hear about it. The only mention besides the extra that came after the show was a cringey article that treated them like the scariest thing in existence published about a week ago.It's so nice having so many people desperate for my attention. By the vvay, I like hair metal like Panera not (c)rap metal and nv-metal. Yov're thinking ov the False that likes Coal Chamber.Did you know Corey Taylor's vocals are so generic that they made his scream of an alien called the Fisher King on Doctor Who and the Slipknot fan's in the Doctor Who sub weren't able to tell it was him without being explicitly told what he did.MoshersPlease don't. That'll scar me for life and make me only like a mature genre like indie.That just further proves my theory that most Phil-era Pantera fans are inbred incest loving hillbillIes.You're the giant dude that slam dances the wrong way in the pit because he thinks he can win?There doesn't seem to be any new information about him. No mention of if he had even started living there. His documentary was crowd funded so assuming he didn't just run with the money, he should either be living there now, will live there soon, or the footage is just being edited.No they don't. They have the highest charting death metal album of all time. Cannibal Corpse has the highest selling death metal album of all time and are the highest selling death metal band of all time. Dethklok has probably the second least knowledgeable metal fanbase, right behind Pantera.I'm a DJ? VVovv they have some really lovv standards. I've never even shovvn vp for vvork.YesActually I just checked [the projects website]( https://www.mymajorcompany.com/lumiere-sur-tevennec) again which is in French and for some reason Google translate worked better this time around. It says he's going to stay in the lighthouse during the months of October and November so he just started living there not too long ago No. I don't make Pornogrind.Why do you think bands tee's are played out?Not me. I vvasn't some rich pop loving non-mel False in 1995. My compvter vvas on the floor all the time and I had to listen to my black metal by pressing my head against the ground becavse ov the vveak speaker.&gt;periodically go vndercover as falsies 

Yov're doing an amazing job didn't novv. The level ov detail yov pvt into yovr Falseness is amazing. I don't think anyone covld distingvish yov from a False.Did the guy create a robot just so he could get cuckolded by his waifu? That's some dedication.Don't try to blame the app yov False. All yov do ist add dovble asterisks on both sides. Yov're jvst a False.You're ruining my reputation as a knowledgeable elitist.

You should just admit you're wrong at this point. You couldn't even come up with something that sort of sounded right. Though that sounds like such an obvious joke that now I'm starting to wonder if I just got trolled hard by someone that actually doesn't listen to much metal. &lt;Nojerk&gt; [There was a followup to this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Glitch_in_the_Matrix/comments/1xjkek/i_am_the_guy_from_where_euronymous_didnt_die/) it turned out he had some type of amnesia. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I've been listening to metal since I vvas a kid, 12 years ago. I can tell many genres vvithovt even knovving the band. I vvatched more than fvll length 20 metal docvmentaries and covntless mini docvmentaries and podcasts, etc. in addition to metal movies (deathgasm is the most recent). I also read covntless articles abovt genres and vvhat defines them. I am infinite times more cvlt, badass, brvtal and elitist than most of yov, yet, I don't bitch abovt it or redvce others for it. Except for novv. I've got +31800 songs that make a total of +97 days of metal that I listen to days and night (abovt 140 per day) and have reached 149284 scrobbles on Libre FM in less than three years. Hmm, vvhat else? I also vnderstand 100% of metal jokes and inner jokes.What is your favorite **MANOWAR** album?I can't seem to find that post again. I've been looking for that tumblr community I found where they were all Dead-kin. I need to tell them to stay away from my man.I actually meant the metaljerk post of that. I posted it in the comments of that.I think you misunderstood what the Elvis of Black Metal post meant. They meant he was the most popular and well known person in black metal, not the most talented. What made him well known is the things he did outside of the music and his personality. Imitating his style is something that is very commonly done in black metal.Using Slipknot is cheating. Their fanbase almost entirely edgy teens.You mean of nu-metal right? Technically Debauchary are the "AC/DC of metal", complete with the jokes about them being a death metal AC/DC tribute band.It wouldn't matter so much if it was most other subgenres of metal but with nu-metal and a few other fusion genres it's better to just say the particular genre because it's status as metal debatable so it might not be metal though nu-metal bands generally don't fall on the metal side.Get with the times grandpa. We call them bigots now. /u/zerothepenguin is a hearing bigot.&gt;9.when you make a ceramic bowl inspired by him.

TIL I'm autistic and have been since elementary school art class.As far as I know they haven't put out a metal album ever but I stopped listening to them a little before All hope is gone so maybe my information is a little outdated. All the most popular metal bands seem to have a retarded fanbase for some reason. I think it's only because they're all the most accessible stuff so everyone from edgy teenagers to inbred rednecks can get into from rock without too much trouble. I don't think that applies to Pantera's fanbase though. There seems to be something legitimately wrong with them. A good amount of their fanbase seem to be too stupid to live. Slipknot seems to attract the same type of audience as the popular metal bands though while also being mistaken for metal since they do get incredibly close to being metal but never quite make it there. They're not metal because they don't play metal music. More specifically, it's because they play nu-metal which is an evolution of alternative rock with metal elements. Some bands have enough metal elements that you can consider them metal. Slipknot is not one of them though their first album came pretty close. Like I said, I stopped listening before All hope is gone came out so they might be metal now but the albums most people know them for are not.

The people that jerk off ghost are the same people that same Slipknot are metal so no I'm not a metal purist and neither is anyone that jerks off ghost though you're right I do like black metal. This is the first time I've heard someone call Guns N Roses metal. They're a hard rock band. Do you even listen metal? Also calling someone an elitist just because they know more about something than you is incredibly cringey.Is there an Indonesian variant?There's been a bit of a nu-metal revival recently but besides that, they seem to be the most accessible angry and angsty music a teenager can get into without looking emo or something so their fanbase is constantly refreshed.Why do you have such a problem with them not being metal? You know that a band doesn't have to be metal to be good right? It's just the genre they're categorized it, not a description of the quality of their music. The fact that you think I made all that up shows that you know less than me. 

Since you they fall under every one of the determining factors of metal, what are those factors they fall under? It sounds like you're the one making things up now. I didn't say being a nu-metal band disqualifies a band from being metal. Like I said before, some nu-metal bands have enough metal elements to be considered metal but slipknot is not one of them. I'm starting to think you're a Pantera fan too. Also most early hair metal bands like Poison and Motley Crue are metal but the later ones are hard rock.I'm pretty sure something like that already exists as a porn parody.You forgot to add the fact that it's packed with sugar. A single carton of chocolate milk has more sugar than a can of soda and from what I remember kids, especially in highschool liked to get two of those. If it wasn't for the calcium it would have actually been healthier to drink a can of soda.&lt;Nojerk&gt; I don't even bother looking at the reviews. They're either terrible or take longer to read than listening to the actual album. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;I think he just want friends to talk to not to fuck.[Template for Motor Loa Promotion Post]

[Name goes here][Location goes here]

[\[Bandcamp link goes here\]](https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com)  

[\[Soundcloud link goes here\]](https://soundcloud.com/vnholy-loa)  

[Anti poser hate speech goes here]  

[\[Link to recent release goes here\]](https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com/album/motor-mass)   
[Anti poser racial slurs go here]  
 [Sketchy scientific evidence of posers inherit inferiority goes here]  
 [Grandiose claims about band go here]   
[Accusation of reader being a wimp, poser and/or False goes here]  
 [Apologies for burneding and/or dieding reader go here]   
[Accusations of reader being afraid go here]YesThe game was released but no one seems to have a working copy. The company that made it banned anyone on their forums that tried to complain and sometimes threatened to take legal action against them. The only people that claimed to have a working copy were newly created accounts on the developers forums that were write in a similar style as the developers. All of it seems to have been a marketing campaign to fix some budget issues they had or at least [that's what their website claims.]( http://www.necrostorm.com/Games/Gorebreaker/Gorebreaker.html) The game has been renamed to Gorebreaker. Everyone who bought Death Cargo will receive the game and all DLC for free when it's released by the end of 2015. There's also supposed to be a series of movies based on the game. To me it sounds too good to be True.It's have to be old man /u/banjaxe. He's the only one of enough to be my dad.That has to be the only solution. None of their inferior genetics could spawn something this trve.Good. I could never accept being the son of a non-mel False.Always.I'm having a hard time telling if you only want bands from Colorado to send you stuff.The comment was real. I only changed the username to yours.That sounds interesting but I don't think there's a reason to make them anymore after Conan the Barbarian dubbed with **MANOWAR** was released.It is incredibly shady and I'm pretty sure they've ruined their reputation at this point because everyone now their name is associated with a scam. From now on for anything they release, people are going to be hesitant to put down any money until it's confirmed that there's a fully working copy whereas before they could probably have gotten away with just offering preorders to fix those budgetary issues.Thank you for consulting me before posting. It helps keep my reputation intact. I have the same opinion as /u/Ubaralook, it's completely understandable from an outsider and I prefer since at least it's generally accurate though still wrong.Have you been on reddit before? Of course they are. My divine name is close enough that at a quick glance of it could be mistaken for that filth you call a name and I guarantee you that they're not reading the entirety of my name anymore. So I'm guessing you don't agree with my opinion?I doubt that. All the recent Assassins Creed games and most recent ubisoft games have been getting these same types of reviews for a while now regardless of Anita commenting on them or not. Not everything is about gender.That True when it comes to opinions but when we're talking about stuff like the established history of a genre and despite me informing you, others in the thread who have been shown to be knowledgeable stating the same thing as me, and all the downvotes, you still deciding to cling to a piece of very common misinformation. Then you tried to play yourself off as some kind of expert because of how many days worth of music you have and ask your little accomplishments to try to back up your claims that have been many times. At that point you're stupid. Before you were just uninformed which is alright since no one knows everything but I informed you and you chose to disregard that information. Did Bohr try to claim disproven ideas as fact while showing a fundamental lack of understanding of what he was talking about and then try to claim it was True just because he's a scientist? If so then yes he was.So vvhat yov're to say ist that Fire-Death has sold ovt to make family friendly soft rock?No it's called **MANOWAR**.At least she just came out said she thought she was special.He's just a very shitty troll. Most of his comments are some variation of this.Yes. It's not metal. It's a type of punk but just like I said in that other conversation, it skirts the line between metal and punk so some bands can fall on the metal side and be deathcore bands that are metal while others fall more on the punk side so they're deathcore bands that are punk.The pillow is actually separate. The image is on a cover for it and costs significantly more than the pillow.It's because thrash/death are already influenced by punk. When you add more punk to that, you have to ease up on the metal influence which quickly becomes too diluted to be considered metal after a certain point. It then becomes punk with metal influences. Hardcore is the same way but you start with a punk that already has a lot of metal influence. There's very little punk influence in heavy metal/hard rock to begin with so when it's added, they ease up a bit on the metal but because there was little punk influence to start with, there much more tolerance for the inclusion of punk influence before it's seen as punk with metal influences.You should see what he did when vice did a documentary on him. The interviewer asked a stupid question and he said he didn't think the interviewer understood anything he had told them before sitting there for about ten minutes just staring at the ground, not moving. It wasn't a still image either because he blinks and moved slightly. You could hear the interviewer squirming a bit and shuffling his papers during the time. I'm pretty sure Gaahl spend most of that documentary just messing with vice while keeping a straight face.You know that's the flair I myself wrote for /r/outoftheloop right? It's a bit of a joke because for a while the sub was basically about googling answers for people too lazy to do it themselves. 

[**Wimps and Posers leave the hall**]( http://youtube.com/watch?v=aOm-lJme3Ec) Should I still wait for a second comment or are you leaving?I'm guessing some of them might just be incontinent and others going it convenient.African American makes sense in this context because black people would refer to all black people of every background while this is specifically food eaten by black people that are American though like someone else said, soul/southern food is the common term for this type of food.I have some bad news for you. Many scientists involved and some of the people chosen have shown that it's likely a scam. We're all stuck here."It"I don't think you can really can a guy edgy when he actually has done things like torturing a guy for hours and then threatening to make him drink his own blood. It's probably what keeps the interviews from bursting out and laughing.So you're leaving the hall? Before you go can you tell me what you are? A wimp or a poser?I think tactical sex toys are the next big thing.What? The torturing? He went to prison for two years for it and the music scene he's in is well known for church burnings, murders, and suicides. [The most well known bootleg album's cover] (http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0043/3002/products/dawn_large.jpg?v=1295383811) in the scene is even a picture of the bands vocalist after he killed himself and the rest of the band posed his dead body. Torturing a guy is not hard to believe, he wasn't even the first to think of the idea but the original guy couldn't go through with it because he got stabbed twenty three times by he was planning on torturing who then blamed a lamp.[Here](http://metro.co.uk/2015/03/18/is-the-mars-one-mission-the-biggest-hoax-in-history-5109527/)That was actually pretty interesting. If you do make a blog post about it, send me a link. Any particular reason they all seem to be muslim though? Exactly how far into my history did you look?Everyone but the lamp guy is dead because they killed each other or themselves back in the early 90s. From the way that they acted, it's almost guaranteed that most of them genuinely had mental illnesses. [Here, you can read more about it.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Early_Norwegian_black_metal_scene) It's fascinating and that's just the Norwegian scene. Somehow the music style attracted a lot of crazy people and cultists but only in the 90s. Now it's only known for some parts of it being racist.Not yet but I don't doubt that those things will exist eventually.What do you mean? [I still buy all my music on floppy disk.](http://depressiveillusions.com/items/floppy-diskettes) I even released an album on floppy disk and VHS. Are you telling me I've been wasting my time and money on outdated technology?What? No laser sights on the fleshlight? How will you get them on your target?Yes.WimpToo bad for yov, the only vvargaze band is and alvvays has been Goatcifer. Fire-Death vvill never make anything as trve as vvargaze.He knew exactly what he was doing. No one's at the funeral so you have to accept sonic as a replacement.I'm not sure either. Do they even need covers? Also apparently this site is a goldmine. I found a [tactical pillow case.]( http://www.originalsoegear.com/products/copy-of-pillow-cover-and-pillows)I don't think the fleshlight is included, just the pouch unless your cousin has been walking around with his fleshlight completely exposed this entire time.Do yov plan on dying this year too? I'm sorry to tell yov this bvt only the trve can entry the halls ov Valhalla bvt don't give vp hope. Legend speaks ov fovr mighty vvarriors that can pvrify even the Falsest ov False and grant them entry into Valhalla bvt they only make an appearance in the halls vvhere trve metal vvarriors gather. Yov'll knovv yov have fovnd them vvhen from the hall yov hear thvnder and screams. VVhen yov vvalk inside to hear, the gvy beside yov vvill give yov a beer. Call yov brother and say yovr friends are over there. They call themselves immortals. They're the trvest ov the trve. And in that very moment, yov'll be born again like me. Born to live forever more. The right to conqver every shore. Hold yovr grovnd and give no more, the kings ov metal, **MANOVVAR**! They're not some ancient mythical figvres vvho only exist in this vvord in the form ov clay. They're real and **MANOVVAR**'s made ov steel not clay. They live on the road. VVhen they're in tovvn speakers explode. They don't attract vvimps 'cavse they're too lovd. Jvst trve metal people that's **MANOVVAR's crovvd. Go on this qvest yov False. Fight the vvorld and on vvheels ov fire find them for the right to blovv yovr speakers becavse today is a good day to die.USPM because **MANOWAR**./u/orcslayr23, you're needed.Thanks. I didn't know that. That makes the sillier stuff on the site make more sense.Vnholy Loa ist not vvargaze yov False. Do yov even knovv hovv genres vvork? Vnholy Loa has alvvays been Vvlcanized black metal.I think I might start stalking his facebook a bit. That sounds hilarious. Listen to [Svnn)))))))))))))))](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GvMbUxqGuOc)[This is my personal favorite to go to sleep to.](https://youtu.be/QpRXeYRTbrM)I think we can should shut it down when [shit knives](https://vice-images.vice.com/images/content-images/2015/04/17/brown-death-a-history-of-poop-as-a-weapon-111-body-image-1429298972.jpg?resize=1000:*&amp;output-quality=75) become a mall ninja thing.Just so you know, it's not photoshopped. [There's a mini presentation on the shit knife.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpuFeQZCvOI)What kind of asshole throws a bong?I think you just inspired another Blazing Loa EP.They don't make mvsic like they vse too. All the kids these days are into those nevv fangled drones. You can never underestimate how stupid people are when it comes to technologyI think 4kids might be the cure for weeaboo. I don't think you know what cringe means.Figures that bronies would be attracted the the restaurant most associated with pedophilia.Who would have guessed targeted ads would show you stuff based on your interests. It's almost like they're targeted at you.It's been around since the mid nineteenth century or so. In the early 1900's it was popular but it became unpopular after world war II and stayed that way until now. Some well known actors got those hair cuts recently in movies and tv showsfrom the last few years set in the early 1900s which brought the style back.They're minipcs that run some version of android, usually one of the 4.0 versions. They come preloaded with XMBC and are set to access a bunch of illegal streams for live tv, sports, and movies for free. If you're considering buying one, know that they take a little effort to use but if you're willing to put in the effort the reward is pretty good. Depending on your tv watching habits, you might be able to get rid of your cable tv. 

I have yet to meet someone selling these who isn't shady and overcharging. They usually sell an older model for the same price as a newer model though I guess that's how they make their profit. [Here's the website of the guys that manufacture G-boxes in case you want more information on them.]( http://matricom.net)You're welcome. You might still be interested in getting one since the illegal tv software is all contained to one app. It's still android so with a keyboard and mouse, you can get a extremely small and cheap computer out if it, a retro gaming machine with the right apps and a controller, a server, or many other things. They're nice to have if you're into that sort of thing since they're incredibly versatile and cheap.VVhat a vvaste ov time and effort. VVhy can't people like this ever do anything vsefvl like vvrite a tvventy seven essay on **MANOWAR**.I think you should be the one to review Motor Loa's latest album. You seem to really enjoy it.You already kind of started in that other thread. Flesh it out a bit more and post it. At the very least you'll stop being lazy.Fetid False still continves to be against revievving Motor Loa. They are afraid.Even more interesting is that the magstripe uses the same technology as a cassette. Those square credit card readers meant to be used by companies to take credit card payments actually are just tape heads connected to a microphone jack and just play one of the three tracks on the card so [a blank cassette tape and a cassette recorder are all you need to clone one.](http://www.instructables.com/id/Clone-A-Credit-Card-With-A-Cassette/) Opening it up and realigning the tape head can allow you to read all three tracks so you have a complete clone.ElitistIt's an old joke where people act like western live action shows and cartoons are anime. It started with Corey in the House due to a bait and switch video about the top boobs in anime that showed the Corey in the House opening instead. It expanded to include other shows including Seinfeld. [Here's the know your memes page on it if you want more detail.]( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/western-anime)So basically, just a PDA?PDAs can also make calls. Some of the newer ones can even send faxes.[Literally me looking at this image.](http://i.imgur.com/MiHcjUR.png)Most of them look almost exactly like a smartphone now so you wouldn't know you're looking at one if it's not one of the ones with a keyboard.He said a fight betvveen tvvo Falses. That vvovld jvst be a trve mvrdering a False.Pvny Amerifat? That vvovld be trve if I vvas a spineless non-metal bvt I am a trve mel vvarrior. My people have been making the vveak non-mel scvm fear. Even the other mels are scared and dve to their larger brains vvhen compared to the non-mel ones, they vvere smart enovgh to avoid fighting and jvst svrrender if even a single one ov ovr vvarriors came to battle. 

&lt;Nojerk&gt; That's actually not an exaggeration. The people in the area I come from in India are the Vikings of India. &lt;/nojerk&gt;I stopped for a break from a hard day ov bvrneding and dieding the False vvhen I decided to sext Svnna, norse goddess ov the svnn)))))). So I vvhipped ovt my svvord and vvith the povver ov my svvord I sent a heliograph to her. It vvas my classic line that has never failed to vvork, "bby there's no svch thing as global vvarming, yov're jvst getting hotter". Vsing the moon, she sext me back, "Qvorthon ist ded" and I told her "bby that's messed vp. I lost boner". It took fovr more messages before it svnk in that Qvorthon vvas really RIP. It vvas the saddest sext I've ever got. I had seen him jvst the day before vvhen I vvas bvrneding and dieding the False. I'll never forget his last vvords to me, "Yov shovld vvear some svnscreen or yov'll get skin cancer." [RIP Qvorthon](http://i.imgur.com/FdqDBXe.png)

&lt;Nojerk&gt; It's been a while since I've told a story. That didn't feel natural at all. I'm rustier than I thought. &lt;/Nojerk&gt;You should post this to /r/innerjerkmusiciansDid yov jvst say **MANOVVAR** ist for plebs? YOV MOTHERFVCKER! YOV! ARE! AFRAID! OV YOVRSELF! OV **MANOVVAR**!Plebs are vvithovt a dovbt False. If they vveren't then they'd be trves not plebs.You're not looking hard enough. It's still around, it's just underground and is known as traditional heavy metal or another name depending on exactly which 80's metal style you're talking about. Even hair metal is still around. The production unfortunately for all of them is always modern though. [Here's the kind of heavy metal/hard rock popular in the 80's by a band formed in 2009.](https://highspiritsmetal.bandcamp.com/album/another-night)&lt;Nojerk&gt; Is the album art of /u/sinndogg2's album still around somewhere or have you been saving all of our album arts like some kind of creepy fan? &lt;/Nojerk&gt;Poserish? Hovv does liking the Slapknvts, the greatest pornogrind band and babymetal, the saviors of metal make me a poser?I'd love to but that sub already banned me for posting **MANOWAR** in /r/tumblrinaction**MANOWAR**Yov're a very mediocre diver.This post vvas jvst a vvay for yov to convince other Falses that yovr pop band vvas on the same level as my trveness, vvasn't it?A memediverThis ist so amazing that it brovght a tear to my eye.Genres don't work like that. You can't find a metal band similar to another band in another genre.  If they were than they wouldn't be metal bands.It's not cringe. It's just a fat person and not even the kind that's so fat that they can't wipe themselves.You know you're in a default sub right? It's literally all reposts. Original content is just a repost older than six months.I see yov're a nevvFalse. That makes sense considering it's been vvell established that I tried ovt to be the nevv Papa Evronymovs bvt they didn't vvant me becavse I had all these radikvlt ideas ov being trve. [I even had the hat and everything.](https://i.imgur.com/NQeVq0H.jpg) I vvas perfect. Even the Nazi mods believed I vvas so gvaranteed to be the next papa that they pvt my pictvre on the sidebar becacvse ov hovv provd they vvere ov someone as trve as me hanging ovt here. I vvas so disappointed and angry vvhen they rejected me that I made Vnholy Loa. It's the Megadeth ov traditional black metal like Ghost.Satellite radio in general has terrible sound quality. Calling Sirius won't fix the issue. It's a physical limitation because of the medium. There's only a certain amount of bandwidth that can be allocated to each channel so sound quality is pretty limited and audio is very compressed.Impaled Northern Moonforest - Impaled Northern Moonforest (Seth Putnam of Anal Cunt's black metal parody band)

Goatcifer - Vnhellige Falsk D\u00f8d (My band)

Vnholy Loa - Plagvebearer Ov Loa (My Goatcifer Sideproject)

Fire-Death - The Grand Citadels ov Ubiquitous Combvstion (OPs band)

Grimm Nekrokvlt ov Balthazarmageddon - Satanodin II (Goatcifer's Guitarist's sideproject)[This love song has never failed to attract someone to me.](https://youtu.be/EuETOzr1ntk)[Bruschetta Nights](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgJnNNxEyOY)I don't think yov're in any position to jvdge others if yovr corpse paint isn't tattooed onto yovr face.[Motor Loa](https://vnholyloa.bandcamp.com/album/motor-mass)You're the first person I've ever seen that has admitted to liking brokencyde.People add the reason they edited the comment so others know exactly why they changed the comment so responses about what was changed make sense and also so they don't get accused of completely changing the content of the comment since it shows when you edit your comment but not the reason.That's the best time to go for a personal attack and then stop responding. It's not constructive but it is cathartic.Change yovr style? Yov mean sellovt? This isn't mvsic, it's jvst noise.I think yov're confvsing me for those savage non-mels vvith their tiny vnderdeveloped brains.Yov keep getting Falser and Falser. Yov jvst admitted to posing.At least you're saving sound money now by not paying for a subscription.You're about a week too early.I need you to do me a favor. As you're reading, translate and send to me any parts concerning my waifu. Just the parts about Dead. I couldn't care less about the uggos.Panera is a hair metal band yov False. Alvvays has been. Alvvays vvill be.It was pulled because it had serious technical issues especially on PCs with AMD hardware. They plan on rereleasing it on Wednesday with all the updates the other consoles have had since release.Norwegian is for Falses. I only speak in ancient Viking runes because I'm True. Yes I speak a system of writing. My words have no sound, they come out as a funeral fog shaped like a rune. I'm so True that I have no money to buy the book because then I'd be a sellout. You're already a sellout so you can afford the book but I doubt you speak in Viking runes so English is the next best thing.I'd love to see an entire match with these types of effects. I imagine it'd look like a real life DBZ fight though it sounds like it'd probably take months to make.Redneck!? Are yov implying I listen to Panera? Take that back. I don't listen to anything bvt the amazing hair metal Panera not the stvff those braindead mvtants calling themselves Panera fans claim saved metal.VVovv. Yovr poserness rvns so deep that yov're even posing to yovrself.Ask them what their favorite **MANOWAR** album is. Also can you ask Corpsegrinder his opinion of World of Warcraft especially with the newest changes and expansion?The point of that rule is to keep from getting too big like adviceanimal or something so the quality stays the same.[The legend of the bell witch]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell_Witch)I get sleep paralysis pretty regularly but usually it's just me stuck in my empty room not being able to move. It's more annoying than scary but I had an encounter with the common black dogs when I was younger. I woke up, realized I couldn't move and saw at the foot of my bed glowing red eyes. 

Then they started to get closer and I was able to make out the figure of a big hulking and slightly mutated looking dog which started barking and biting at my feet. I kept losing track of where it was in the dark until I realized that they were everywhere and they started attacking me. Gnawing and chewing on every part of me. When they started ripping off chunks, I woke up.Last down in the middle of the side walk and jerk off.If it was easy, it'd be boring.I went to a psychic in India who read my palm and aura. He told me that when I get married for the first time it wouldn't last and generally I would have bad luck. It was a nice change of pace from all the other psychics that only tell you only positive things so I know it wasn't a scam. It was nice of him to do it for free and even nicer of him to offer try to sell me some charms to help with my bad luck. He was just a nice helpful guy who definitely didn't want to scam me.Care to elaborate?Yes it is. Birth control can be prescribed for you for a couple of reasons even if you're not having sex.Setting myself on fire. I'd love to do it but I don't have the proper protection and don't want to get burnt.Sounds like something went really wrong in your life.I'm Indian and I find that incredibly racist. You just assume that all other races are just looking for an excuse persecute you because of your skin color like we're some kind of uneducated savages. Keep your hateful opinions to yourself you bigot.When did I say I speak Old Norse? I explained that I literally speak the characters of ancient Viking runes. I speak the writing itself, I don't read it outloud. I make no sounds. Funeral fog flows from my mouth and shapes it into runes. Leave the hall wimp.If you don't suffer even a little than it's hard to enjoy the times when something good happens. It just becomes another good thing on an ever-growing pile of good things.Norwegian is way too mainstream. It sold out.John Carpenter's The Thing was a much better remake of The Thing From Another World.Those are all fine. You just need to get creative when you do need some hyperbole.It is not faith in eternal life that guides me now,  
But the fact that I know I've not long to live.  
None have long for this world - so seize every night,  
Every waking hour: breathe every moment,  
This is our last will and testament.
A stand of defiance!  
I will not go down with the white flag!I don't have a Facebook but if I did people would question why I have so many lengthy posts about necrophilia and stories about being in a romantic relationship with a dead musician's body who thought he was a living corpse most of his life.I was kind of hoping you would mistake me for an SJW and think I was serious.Gvess vvhat False. [I am honorary Norsekin]( http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/3idmlm/i_am_johan_hegg_from_metal_band_amon_amarth_and/cuhch1w) so my already pvre trvness is magnified 666%. In comparison to me, yov're ask False and alvvays vvill be.No. It was a guy who's stage name is Dead because he thought he was dead and now is dead. He was the singer of the band Mayhem who had Cotard's delusion and tried to kill himself by slitting his wrists but found it too tedious so he wrote a note saying "Excuse the mess" and shot himself with a shotgun. His suicide was the start of a series of murders and church burnings. I find him and his entire life fascinating along with his lyrics. Not a chance. Yov stay dovvn here vvith the other Falses.What are you using to listen to music that doesn't automatically pause the music when you're headphones are pulled out? Every android phone I've used to play music pauses it. The last time I had that problem was back when I had a blackberry curve.Yep. That disorder is called Cotard's delusion or sometimes it's called Walking Dead Syndrome. For Dead, he was convinced that he died after a near death experience from falling through the ice of a frozen lake when he was young. In his lyrics it shows that he never really quite moved on past that moment. He became obsessed with death after his experience and every story about him is about how in some way he would try to be as corpselike as possible from starving himself until he had hunger wounds to trying to get his friends to bury him alive.Sarcasm doesn't work too well on the internet.Prog You're just not intelligent enough to understand if.What's with the women's costume? It's just a hoodie.Me no like prog. Prog still too smart for Dragovic.No. Why do you ask?/u/sinndogg2
/u/IAMNOTINDIANIt's best to assume you don't know a lot about anything ever. Whenever you feel like you do, it usually means you're ignorant of the existence of something.

&gt;* How many bands/albums do you know? (A rough estimate will do)

I have absolutely no idea. I'm just going to assume it's somewhere over a thousand like it is for the other people here. It seems about right.


* How many years did it take you to gather that knowledge?

It's taken me about ten years and there's still entire subgenres I haven't explored yet.

Your knowledge of metal will never be deep, it'll just look deep to those less informed than you.Best band ever with the best vocalist ever.You're afraid aren't you?Really? I'm basically Goatcifer's entire promotional department at this point and I brag about being the entire reason Goatcifer is trve all the time. I didn't think there was anyone who didn't know I was involved at this point. I cobbled together VVhorefvck Ritval from a bunch of unrelated  samples because it looked like Goatcifer was going to end before we even released anything. I was the original singer but since them I've been more in the background because  I do the synths, some lyrics, and arrangement. Vnholy Loa was originally just me taking sinndogg's Impaled Northern Moonforest tribute band idea one step further.OV **MANOWAR**!I was only on the earliest released version. Sinndogg took over singing after that. I'm not False. It turns out people have been confusing me for Dragnucks this entire time.It looks like most VR systems run off of android so at least the the android based VR systems will likely be compatible with each other. There's quite a few budget system available too which can cost as little as $5 and only need a compatible phone to use like Google Cardboard.Don't worry, it's just a link that sends everyone to their own comment history. Typed? I didn't type this. I copied it from an /r/outoftheloop post so it's referring to some False from there.Do yov see a single mel there? This ist the non-melest thing I've ever seen.YesGoatcifer concert? VVe've never played live before. VVe're not sellovts besides, inclvding me there's one more mel in Goatcifer so that's already tvvo more mels than in this video.It's a meme where they redraw one of their older works to see how much they've improved.This is starting to get reposted as much as that picture of the sleeping girl with period blood on the sheets.Seems like it.Yov're jvst trying to Doom mvsic as yovr ovvn yov False.Yov keep getting Falser and Falser. Novv yov're playing yovr po(o)p garbage live. Hovv long vntil vve start seeing FlameFalse Armageddon Monopoly and Comic books?I'd rather not. I don't vvant to risk catching a poser transmitted disease. I get what you mean about /r/metaljerk. I try to find new stuff to jerk about but it doesn't seem like there's many others doing that and it looks like the average age has gone down a bit. Most of the regulars there don't seem to be much older than /u/IAMNOTINDIAN. I still post but my hearts not really into it which is probably why I haven't really posted a long story in months.That's what I meant but I just realized I didn't word that well.I think the budget ones like Google Cardboard would definitely be able to compete just because of their accessibility to both consumers and developers already while the Oculus Rift will likely be something only the more dedicated gamers will buy due to the price.Try playing some early Thy Antichrist. The guy has the voice of an angel. Also every band but Goatcifer on that list is basically a Impaled Northern Moonforest tribute.It vvas **MANOVVAR**. Even if it vvasn't, it is novv.VVhat a False. India ist trve in the vvinter. The fvneral fog ist so thick that yov can sometimes see it inside hovses and they've stvck in some vveird combo ov the 80s and 90s, the trvest decades. The first season ov pokemon is still running there and the internet ist not mvch faster than a 48kbs modem.These rule 34 posts are getting more and more low effort.  Can we do something about them yet?He's literally cutting himself on that edge.The pentagrams are the wrong way. Like this she's just a pagan or a wiccan.I think it's a swordstaff. It's a combination of a spear and a sword that was meant for fighting Calvary and heavily armed opponents.Did you try hosting the videos on a video sharing other than YouTube? Vimeo is probably your best bet but if you want something social friendly, why not just go with uploading videos to Facebook?  Can't get more social than that.I was just suggesting it because he mentioned social friendly. Vimeo is probably the best option.Actually I think it would make perfect sense for Anonymous to make the entire list just handpicked names just for the lulz it will cause.**MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR**  **MANOVVAR****MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR** **MANOVVAR*